 Attractions  Dakar gets mixed reviews from travellers. To its supporters, it's a modern, spacious city with a temperate climate and many interesting distractions. Its tree-lined streets and relatively small central area make it easy to walk around, despite its population of over a million, and its clubs and cafes pick up when the daytime attractions go dark. Detractors then point out that the cost of living is very high and some of the city's hustlers won't take no for an answer. You'll have to go and see for yourself. If you don't like Dakar, it's easy enough to escape, with daily transport to all parts of the country; then again, you might just join the ever-growing ranks of resident expatriates.  Dakar's IFAN Museum on Place de Soweto houses a superb collection of masks, statues, musical instruments, stools and agricultural implements from all over West Africa. The handsome white Palais Presidentiel, five short blocks south of the Place de l'Independence, dates from 1906 and is surrounded by sumptuous gardens.  Dakar has two major markets. Marche Kermel, east of the Place towards the port, is housed in a lovely new hall built after the original burnt down in 1993. This lively market sells mainly fruit, clothing, fabrics and souvenirs. The larger Marche Sandaga has more fruit and fewer souvenirs, but for visitors the sheer choice of fabric is a real draw. Dakar also has some of the best Internet facilities in the region, including a 24-hour Internet cafe.  Out of the city centre is the Grande Mosquee, built in 1964, with its landmark minaret that's floodlit at night. The mosque is closed to non-Muslims, but it's worth coming here anyway to see the medina surrounding it. While not picturesque, its bustling atmosphere contrasts sharply with the sophisticated high-rise city centre.   Pointe de Bel-Air, just northeast of the railway station, has two fenced private beaches and sailboards for hire, although the water is not particularly clean. Avoid the other beaches near Dakar, or you'll run a fair risk of being robbed.  