 Environment  Malawi is a smallish, landlocked country wedged between Zambia, Tanzania and Mozambique. Roughly 900km (560mi) long and 150km (95mi) east to west at its widest point, Malawi is slightly larger than Bulgaria or Cuba. Most of its eastern border is formed by Lake Malawi (also called Lake Nyasa), the third-largest lake in Africa, which covers almost a fifth of Malawi's total area. The Great Rift Valley passes through Malawi, forming the trough in which Lake Malawi sits.  Malawi's main highland areas are the Nyika and Viphya Plateaux, and Mt Mulanje in the south. Malawi's highest point is the summit of Sapitwa (3000m/9840ft) at the centre of Mt Mulanje. The main river in the country is the Shire (pronounced 'Shir-ee'), which flows out of the southern end of Lake Malawi and eventually into the Zambezi River in Mozambique.  Malawi's vegetation includes Miombo woodland, found in wetter areas around 1500m (5000ft); lowland mopane, found in the middle Shire Valley and the southern shores of Lake Malawi; evergreen forest, scattered about the country; montane grassland, found in the rolling hills of the north; and the wetland areas of lakeshores and riverbanks. The country has many different kinds of indigenous wildflowers, due to the wide range of habitats. There are numerous varieties of proteas, aloes, gladioli and helichrysums (knows as 'everlastings'). Malawi is particularly famous for its orchids: more than 400 species have been recorded.  Vast animal herds of the popular easy-to-spot variety are lacking in Malawi, but there are plenty of large animals roaming about. Most are found in the country's national parks and game reserves. Liwonde, the main national park, is noted for its herds of elephant and antelope (including impala, bushbuck and kudu), and hippopotamus in the Shire River. Zebra, warthog, eland, jackal, leopard and hartebeest are more common in the north, especially in Nyika National Park. Malawi is famous for its fish - Lake Malawi has more species than any other inland body of water in the world, with a total over 500. The wet season runs from mid-October or early November to mid or late April; the dry season lasts from may to October or November. Average daily highs peak around 32 C (90 F) in October (although it can get a few degrees hotter in inland areas such as the Shire Valley); July is the coolest month, with daily highs around 21 C (70 F).  