 Environment  Swaziland is a little, landlocked kingdom, bounded on all sides by South Africa except for roughly 100km (60mi) of border with Mozambique in the east. Roughly rectangular, Swaziland is a little bigger than Connecticut but not as large as the diminutive nation states of Israel or El Salvador. The country supports a surprisingly wide range of ecological zones, from savannah scrub in the east to rainforest in the north-west, with patches of finbos, the 'fine bush' so renowned in South Africa. The mountainous border country with Mozambique is harsh and dry, and sharp mountains poke out of the highveld in the west. Nearly three quarters of Swazis work in agriculture, mainly at subsistence level, although the nation is not self sufficient in food.  Swaziland's natural resources are extremely well managed, and despite the country's size it lays claim to some of the best game reserves and national parks in southern Africa. Elephants, lions and rhinos have been reintroduced after being wiped out (rhinos had been absent for 70 years), and after some bloody battles between rangers and poachers, populations of both black and white rhinos are no longer critically endangered. The easiest wildlife park to visit is Mlilwane Wildlife Sanctuary in the Ezulwini Valley, not far from the capital, Mbabane, and if you're lucky you'll see hippopotami and crocodiles as well. Wildlife species are common in all the reserves, and the country has hundreds of bird species inhabiting relatively small pockets of bush, so bring your bird-spotting binoculars. In the east, sub-tropical woodland and swamps can get very steamy. Hardwood forests, which the logging industry is chipping away, dominate the western highlands.  It can bucket down in the western mountains over summer, although the mountains will generally remain cooler than the lowveld, which blisters as the mercury climbs past 40 C (104 F). October is the hottest month, and the rains begin in early December and continue through April. The lowveld tends to suffer extremes, with frosts and colder temperatures in winter (which falls over the northern hemisphere's summer). The eastern low veld is sub-tropical, mosquito ridden (watch out for malaria) and sticky, and can still be warm in mid-winter.  