 Environment  Smack in the centre of southern Africa, landlocked Botswana extends over 1100km (680mi) from north to south and 960km (595mi) from east to west, occupying an area about the same size as France or a little smaller than Texas. It's bounded on the south by South Africa, which lies across the Limpopo and Molopo Rivers. In the north-east is Zimbabwe, while Namibia wraps around the country's western and northern frontiers. At Kazungula in Botswana's far north, four countries - Botswana, Zimbabwe, Zambia and Namibia - meet at a single point midstream in the Zambezi River. Botswana's landscape is almost uniformly flat - the semiarid Kalahari covers nearly 85% of the country, including the entire central and south-western regions. In the north-west, the Okavango River flows in from Namibia and soaks into the sands, creating 15,000 sq km (5850 sq mi) of convoluted channels and islands that comprise the Okavango Delta.  Botswana's dry lands boast more than 70 species of snakes, including three species of spitting cobra. Poisonous boomslangs (Afrikaans for tree snake) and vine snakes are common in the Okavango, but they generally don't bother humans. Although this part of southern Africa offers an adequate sampling of LBJs ('little brown jobs'), it is also home to an array of colourful and exotic birdlife. Among them are the dandified crowned crane; the grey lourie, with its sulky 'go-away' call; the stunning lilac-breasted roller; and the dour secretary bird, which trounces snakes by hopping up and down on them like a secretary banging on a typewriter. Botswana's wonderful national parks and reserves are home to an amazing variety of wildlife, including elephant, cheetah, hunting dog, leopard, hyena, giraffe, hippopotamus and zebra.  Most of Botswana is covered by savanna - either acacia or low thorn scrub. The country's only deciduous mopane forests are in the north-east - there are stands of commercial timber as well as both mongonga and marula trees, whose edible nuts once served as staple foods for the San. The soft wood of the marula is used in local crafts, and its fruit goes into a local beer.  Although it straddles the Tropic of Capricorn, Botswana experiences extremes in temperature. Days are normally clear, warm and sunny, but nights range from cool to bitterly cold. In the Kalahari, subfreezing nighttime temperatures are normal in June and July; where there's enough humidity, frosts are common. Botswana is primarily a dry country, but a summer rainy season lasts roughly from November to March. From late May to August, rain is rare anywhere in the country.  