 Environment  The Seychelles is a group of about 115 islands which lie 1600km (990mi) off the coast of east Africa. The three central islands - Mahe, Praslin and La Digue - are granite, while the outlying islands are coral atolls. Unlike most similar islands, the Seychelles are not volcanic - they seem to be the peaks of a huge underwater plateau which fell off the edge of India about 65 million years ago.  The Seychelles are a haven for wildlife, particularly birds and tropical fish. The islands are rich in vegetation, but most of it is either coconut palms or casuarinas. There's virgin forest on the highlands of Male and Silhouette, and in the Vallee de Mai on Praslin, where you'll find the extremely rare giant coco de mer palm. In these high, remote areas you might also find the insect-eating pitcher plant, as well as a veritable bouquet of orchids, bouganvilleas, hibiscuses, gardenias and frangipani.  The islands aren't exactly swarming with furry or scaly wildlife: you might spot skinks, flying foxes and geckoes. Insects are far more common, and the giant rhinoceros beetle almost qualifies for reptile status anyway. What you'll really notice is the profusion of birds. The islands are isolated and were settled late, so many species exist here that you'll find nowhere else. If you're interested in birds, pay a visit to Bird, Cousin, Aride or Fregate Islands, which are bird sanctuaries.  The Seychelles has four marine national parks, and more than 150 species of tropical reef fish have been identified. Snorkel off any reef-protected shore here and you'll get an eyeful of fish and coral. Dolphin and porpoise are common between the islands, shark and barracuda less so, although the Seychelles are renowned for their game fishing. French and English settlers did a pretty good job of slaughtering the Seychelles' endemic giant tortoises, but there is a free-roaming colony on Curieuse, and Cousin and Bird Island reserves are fighting it out for the title of 'home to the world's largest tortoise'.  The Seychelles' seasons are defined by the beginning and end of the south-east trade winds, which usually blow from May to October. For the rest of the year, the islands are swept by the monsoons, which bring the rain, especially in January. Mahe and Silhouette get the most rain. January is the wettest month, July and August the driest, while every month the temperature fluctuates between 24 C (75 F) and 31 C (88 F) and the humidity sweats at around 80%.  