 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Most visitors do not require visas for stays of up to three or four months. Israeli nationals are not allowed into the country.Health risks: Malaria, yellow feverTime: GMT/UTC plus 1 hourElectricity: 220/110V, 50HzWeights & measures:Metric When to Go  Low season in Tunisia is from January to February, when hotel rates are down and the weather's cool and rainy. During the sweaty high season, from June to August, expect hotel rates to be up, car rentals to be scarce and the markets and museums to teem with foreign visitors. You won't want to do much strenuous activity during these months.     Events  The Islamic (or Hjira) calendar is a full 11 days shorter than the Gregorian (western) calendar, so public holidays and festivals fall 11 days earlier each year. In April for the next few years, Ras as-Sana is the Islamic celebration of the new year. Moulid an-Nabi celebrates the prophet Mohammed's birthday around June or July. These celebrations include parades in the city streets with lights, feasts, drummers and special sweets. Ramadan is celebrated during the ninth month of the Islamic calendar (presently in December), commemorating the month when the Qur'an was revealed to Mohammed. Out of deference, the faithful take neither food nor water until after sunset each day. At the end of Ramadan ( 'Eid al-Fitr), the fasting breaks with much celebration and gaiety.   'Eid al-Adha is the time of the pilgrimage to Mecca, which each Muslim is expected to make at least once in their lifetime. Streets are decorated with coloured lights and children play in their best clothes. The ritual of Mahmal is performed in each village as passing pilgrims are given carpets and shrouds to take on their journey. This all happens in March.  In terms of secular festivals, July and August are the months to remember. The main event on the Tunis calendar is the Carthage International Festival, which fills those months with music, dance and theatre performances at Carthage's heavily restored Roman theatre. The El-Jem International Symphonic Music Festival is held every July. The Dougga Festival of classical drama also takes place in July and August in, where else, Dougga. After the summer heat dies down, the biennial Carthage International Film Festival (concentrating on Middle Eastern and African cinema) takes place in October in odd-numbered years.   Public Holidays 1 January - New Year's Day 20 March - Independence Day 21 March - Youth Day 9 April - Martyr's Day 1 May - Labour Day 25 July - Republic Day 3 August - Public Holiday 13 August - Women's Day 15 October - Evacuation Day 7 November - Anniversary of Ben Ali's Takeover.back to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to TunisiaTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services