 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Visas are required for all travellers. They are not available at land borders but you can get them from embassies, and at the Bissau airport if you're arriving from an African country that doesn't issue them. Extensions can be purchased at Bissau's central police station.Health risks: Malaria, cholera, hepatitis A, schistosomiasis, typhoid, yellow fever (a vaccination certificate is required if you're coming from an infected area)Time: GMT/UTCElectricity: 220VWeights & measures: Metric When to Go  December and January are the driest, coolest months and the best time to visit. In February the weather is also good, and you can party at the colourful Bissau carnival. Travelling can be more difficult during the rainy season (June to October), when minor roads are a bit of a wash out and getting public transport to remote spots is a challenge. March to May are the hottest months, with daytime temperatures reaching 34 C (93 F) and humidity levels very high; daily maximums rarely dip below 30 C(86 F) throughout the year.     Events  Guinea-Bissau's biggest annual bash is the Latin-style Bissau carnival in February when parades, music and dancing fill the streets and locals get festive with costumes and masks. Other towns have smaller festivals throughout the year; dates are not fixed so you need to check with the locals. Various Islamic holidays such as Eid al-Fitr (end of Ramadan) and Tabaski are also observed.   Public Holidays 1 January - New Year's Day 20 January - Death of Am lcar Cabral 8 March - International Women's day 1 May - May Day 3 August - Pidjiguiti Day 24 September - Independence 25 December - Christmas Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to Guinea-BissauTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services