 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Citizens of the member countries of ECOWAS, all Commonwealth countries, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Iceland, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain and Sweden do not need a visa/entry permit for a maximum of 28 days. Otherwise, there is a visa fee (American citizens are exempt) plus a processing fee for all other applicantsHealth risks: Tick-borne encephalitis, hepatitis, yellow fever, rabies, typhoid fever and malaria (particularly bad up-country in the wet season)Time: same as GMT/UTCElectricity: 220V, 50HzWeights & measures: Metric When to Go  The best time to travel in Gambia is from November to February, when conditions are dry and relatively cool. However, around this same time of year the dry, dusty harmattan winds blow off the Sahara. December to February is the local trading season, assuming the rains come when they should, and everybody's a little more relaxed than usual, perhaps with a bit of extra money to spend, so the markets are at their liveliest. During the wet season (June to October), popular tourist areas are less crowded and cheaper, and the country still gets an average of five hours of sunlight per day. The only problem you're likely to notice is some smaller dirt roads washing away. The peak tourist season lasts from October through April, which coincides with the visits of the migratory birds.     Events  The Islamic (or Hejira) calendar is a full 11 days shorter than the Gregorian (Western) calendar, so public holidays and festivals fall 11 days earlier each year. In March then February for the next few years, Ras as-Sana is the Islamic celebration of the new year. Tabaksi (also called Eid al-Kebir), an important two-day festival commemorating the moment when God substituted a ram for Abraham's son as he was about to slay him at God's command, will be in early February or late January for the next few years. Eid al-Moulid celebrates the prophet Mohammed's birthday around May. Ramadan is celebrated during the ninth month of the Islamic calendar (presently in October), commemorating the month when the Quran was revealed to Mohammed. Out of deference, Muslims take neither food nor water until after sunset each day. At the end of Ramadan (called Eid al-Fitr), the fasting breaks amid much celebration.  Though not so important as it is in Senegal, Grand Magal (48 days after Ras as-Sana) celebrates the return from exile of the founder of the Mouride Islamic Brotherhood. On a secular note, the International Roots Festival is a new but highly publicised annual celebration aimed at getting Americans and Europeans of African descent back in touch with Africa. Festivities include displays of Gambian music, dance, art and craftwork, plus excursions to historical sites - including, of course, the Roots village of Jufureh - as well as seminars and educational workshops. The festival takes place in late June and/or early July.  Other Public Holidays:1 January - New Year's Day18 February - Independence DayMarch or April - Good Friday, Easter Monday1 May - Workers DayJune or July - Eid al-Moulid22 July - Anniversary of the Second Republic25 December - Christmasback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to GambiaTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services