 Environment  At over 650km (403mi) from the sea, Niger is severely landlocked. It has Algeria and Libya to the north, Chad to the east, Nigeria and Benin to the south, and Burkina Faso and Mali to the west. At nearly twice the size of France, Niger is one of the larger West African countries, but one of its least densely populated, with 90% of its people clustered in the greener areas down south, away from the searing deserts of the north. It's shaped like a wonky hot water bottle lying on its side, with nearly two thirds of it being desert, and the other third semi-desert, or Sahel. Only a small southern section, in the bottleneck of Niger, gets enough rain to support crops. The ratio of desert to semi-desert is ever increasing, and there is a danger that the country may, one day, disappear under a blanket of sand. Water supplies in Niger are limited, and the Niger River flows only through a small region down the very south of the country.  The rapid desertification of Niger is due to several factors, all piggybacking one on top of the other; the devastating droughts of the 1970s, overgrazing, the scavenging of trees for firewood, and the pure quartz sands of the region that make high yield crops (and subsequent anchoring of top soil) impossible. This situation is particularly noticeable in the north and middle regions, although Niger does get enough rain in the south to support a range of wildlife - hippos, giraffes, elephants, buffalo and leopard - in its national park.  Generally speaking, Niger is either hot or hotter than hell, with average temperatures around 30 C (86 F) but capable of reaching over 50 C (122 F) in the hot season between March and June. The air is so hot during these months that rain evaporates before it hits the ground. December through to February are cooler months and the temperature can actually drop to freezing in the night-time desert. The Harmattan winds usually arrive just before the rains, sometime between December and February, and can cut visibility down to almost nothing. The rainy season usually lasts from June to October, and can make travelling around difficult.  