 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Visa requirements are the same as for France. Citizens of the US, Canada, New Zealand, the European Union and a handful of other countries may enter Reunion for up to 3 months without a visa, but Australians and others must have a visa.Health risks: NoneTime: GMT/UTC plus 4 hoursElectricity: 220V, 50 HzWeights & measures: Metric When to Go  Climate should be your first consideration if you want to experience Reunion at its best. The only time to seriously consider trekking through Reunion's spectacular mountain country is during the dry season from April to September. The downside of climate-related trip planning is that everyone else has the same idea. You're strongly advised to book well in advance, especially during the peak tourist times. April, May and the French school holidays from late July to early September are the busiest times, and in August you risk being left high and dry without accommodation unless you book in advance. This is also high trekking season. The quietest times are during cyclone-prone February and March. The seasons normally change in April and that isn't too bad for a time for a visit; but, for maximum spatial and climatic enjoyment, May and June are probably the best months of all.     Events  Major festivals in Reunion involve exhibitions with competitions, sports events, music, dancing and various other activities. The Indian community is principally made up of Tamil Hindus and they hold some amazing rites, including cavadees and fire-walking ceremonies. The Hindu temple in St-Andre is the most popular location for these events. Towns and villages across the island take turns at celebrating over a week or weekend; the excuse is to honour their primary product, which can be anything from chou chou to sugar cane. Examples include the F te de la Vanille in Bras-Panon, celebrating vanilla for 10 days in mid-May; the F te du Safran in St-Joseph, celebrating saffron for 10 days in August; the F te des Letchis in St-Denis, celebrating lychees for one week in mid-December.    