 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Everyone except visitors from most Arab and African countries and Malta must have a visa to visit Libya. Before applying for a visa, you must have your passport translated into Arabic. Visas are only issued to visitors travelling as part of an organised tour.Health risks: Small risk of malaria, diptheria, typhoid, rabies and hepatitisTime: GMT/UTC plus 2 hoursElectricity: 220-40VWeights & measures: Metric When to Go  The best time to visit Libya is between November and March, when daytime temperatures are relatively mellow...for a desert country. Conversely, if you drop by between April and October, don't be surprised to find the mercury pushing 38 C (100 F) on a regular basis. The coastal atmosphere is generally humid (hovering around 55% in the afternoons year round), while inland the deserts are often as dry as dust. You should avoid travel to Libya in late spring (May through June) and early fall (October), when the country's subject to the massive ghibli sandstorms from the south, which tend to last several days and interrupt all outdoor activities.     Events  The Islamic (or Hjira) calendar is a full 11 days shorter than the Gregorian (western) calendar, so public holidays and festivals fall 11 days earlier each year. In March in 2003 and February for the next few years, Ras as-Sana is the Islamic celebration of the new year. Also known as Eid al-Adha or the Great Feast, Tabaski commemorates the moment when Abraham was about to sacrifice his son in obedience to God's command, only to have God jump in at the last minute and substitute a ram instead. It's held each year in January. Eid al-Moulid, in May for the next few years, celebrates the prophet Mohammed's birthday, while Ramadan is celebrated during the ninth month of the Islamic calendar (in December in 2003-5), commemorating the month when the Quran was revealed to Mohammed. Out of deference, Muslims take neither food nor water until after sunset each day. The end of Ramadan, called Eid al-Fitr, comes around a month later. The fasting breaks amid much celebration.  The main secular holiday in Libya is Revolution Day, which is marked with a week of public parades, rallies and events in September. Folk troupes, horsemen, musicians and various military groups are bussed into Tripoli for the occasion, and Gaddafi usually gives a pep talk in Green Square. Slightly lower in key is the date-harvest festival held in various parts of the country during October.   Public HolidaysFebruary/March - Ras as-Sana, Tabaski2 March - Declaration of the People's Authority DayMay - Eid al-Moulid11 June - Evacuation Day1 September - Revolution Day26 October - Day of MourningDecember - Eid al-Fitrback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to LibyaTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services