 Attractions  Kenya's capital is cosmopolitan, lively, interesting, pleasantly landscaped and a good place to get essential business matters sewn up. You can walk from one end of the central business district to the other in 20 minutes and it's a great place to tune into modern urban African life. Unfortunately, it's also a great place to get mugged. Security, especially at night, is a definite concern and many travellers hate the place because of it. It's not known as 'Nairobbery' by residents for nothing.  Nairobi sprang up with the building of the Mombasa to Uganda railway. Originally little more than a swampy watering hole for Maasai tribes, it had became a substantial town by 1900. Five years later it succeeded Mombasa as the capital of the British protectorate. Today it's the largest city between Cairo and Johannesburg with a population of 2.5 million and a rapid growth rate.  Like most cities, Nairobi has its crowded market, trading and transport areas, its middle class/office workers' suburbs and its spacious mansions and flower-decked gardens for the rich and powerful. The first is an area full of energy, aspirations and opportunism where manual workers, exhausted matatu (minibus) drivers, the unemployed, the devious, the down-and out and the disoriented mingle with budget travellers, whores, shopkeepers, high-school students, food vendors, drowsy security guards and those with life's little illicit goodies for sale. Centrally located, it's called River Rd and even if you're not staying in the area it's worth a look. Most travellers favour central Nairobi as a place to stay and dine, but finding a good hotel on a quiet street can be tricky.  For sightseeing, the National Museum, Snake Museum and National Archives are all interesting and easy to get to. The latter contains far more than the usual dry documents, and includes painting and handcrafts exhibitions. Just outside the metropolis is the country's most accessible natural park, Nairobi National Park. If you have kids with you, the nearby Langata Giraffe Centre makes an entertaining day trip.  