 Environment  Namibia is on Africa's south-west coast, bordering South Africa in the south, Botswana in the east, and Angola in the north. The skinny eastern appendage, the Caprivi Strip, connects Namibia to Zambia and Zimbabwe. The country is largely arid, but encompasses broad geographical variations and is usually divided into four regions: the Namib Desert and Coastal Plains along the coast; the scrubby, eastward-sloping Central Plateau; the Kalahari sands along the Botswana and South African borders; and the dense bushveld (woodland) of the north-eastern Kavango and Caprivi regions. The northern border is flush with rivers that provide water to most of Namibia.  The Namib Desert, the world's oldest arid region, has been around for over 80 million years. It extends along Namibia's entire Atlantic coast. Namib landscapes range from the mountainous red dunes in the south to the centre's interior plains and flat-topped, steep-sided, isolated mountains called inselbergs. The desert is scored by a number of rivers that rise in the Central Plateau but seldom carry water. East of the desert, the altitude increases and the dunes give way to gravel plains. In the north, these plains are honeycombed with caves and rock shelters that once harboured early humans.  Namibia has some of Africa's most diverse natural habitats. Even in the desert you'll find elephants, giraffes and zebras; lions once came down to the sea, but have been pushed out of the dunes by poachers. Flocks of flamingoes live in Etosha National Park in the north. The Cape Cross Seal Reserve on the central coast is home to 100,000 Cape fur seals.  Although it's predominantly desert, Namibia enjoys regional climatic variations. The most arid climate is found in the central Namib, where summer daytime temperatures climb to over 40 C (105 F) but can fall to below freezing at night. Daytime temperatures in the mountainous and semi-arid Central Plateau (including Windhoek) are generally lower than in the rest of the country. Fog is common on the coast. December is the hottest month everywhere, when daily temperatures hit an average high of 30 C (86 F). There are two rainy seasons: the 'little rains' from October to December and the main rainy period from January to April. Low-lying areas in the eastern part of the country are generally much hotter than the Central Plateau and, except for Kavango and Caprivi in the north-east, receive little rain.  