 Attractions   Moroni, also known as Port-aux-Boutres, is the capital of Comoros and is on the island of Grande Comore, the youngest but largest of the Comoros Islands. The port lies on the west coast and is one of the island's best assets. With its stone jetties and boats pulled up in parallel lines, it seems more Mediterranean than African, and makes a great foreground setting for the sun that sets in a spectacular blaze of oranges, reds and maroons. Set back from the port is the medina with its maze of small winding streets, shop fronts, lane ways and wall-to-wall buildings dating back to Swahili times.  Moroni is fairly spread out but, with the exception of the Arab Quarter, easy to get around. From the north a couple of main streets converge at Ave des Minsteres which then winds its way around the lip of the port, before shooting out in a couple of different directions on the south side of town. Many of the hotels and bungalows are situated north of the city, with the restaurants and cafes equally divided between the north and south of the city. Unfortunately, only one or two dining places in the city centre have harbour views.  The coastline on the east side of Grande Comore is wilder and more untamed than on the west. If you have time to spare, a camping trip round the east coast is always a good idea. Beginning in the northeast corner the first beach is Bouni, once the sultanate of Hamahame, but now a sleepy village with two stunning beaches. Next down the coast is Chomoni. This sheltered bay has an unusual mix of chequered black lava and white sandy beaches, and bungalows with basic facilities for hire, which is probably the best accommodation option. Down the southeast corner is the town of Foumbouni, the third-largest community on Grande Comore. The sands are whiter and brighter than anything you'll find in Moroni or Itsandra and is one of Comore's best kept secrets. Few tourists come here and the locals are still a little bamboozled at the sight of foreigners. Right at the southern tip of the island is Chindini, another airy beach with fabulous views. There are a few bungalows around, but there are also any number of places to pitch a tent.  The best way to get to all these beaches from Moroni, or to travel between them, is by taxi-brousse or, if you get lucky, by hitching a ride with a vehicle going in your direction. The distance between Moroni and Bouni is 27km (17mi); between Moroni and Chomoni, 18km (11mi); between Moroni and Foumbouni, 30km (19mi); and between Moroni and Chindini, 35km (22mi).  The island's interior is studded with grassy plains and the remnants of a rainforest, as well as Mt Karthala, an active volcano that's still belching and burping away. The plains roll down to the coastline where palm trees, beaches of black lava or white sand, and young coral reefs fringe the shores. The west coast has all the chichi resorts with suites and casinos, ambient bars and Frenchified restaurants.  