 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Visas are required by almost all visitors to Tanzania, and should be obtained before arriving in Tanzania. If you are arriving from a country without a Tanzanian embassy or consulate, visas are issued at Dar es Salaam international airport and at Zanzibar airport. Tourist visas are valid for three months from the date of issue.Health risks: Malaria, hepatitis, typhoid, yellow fever, bilharzia, tsetse fly, cholera, meningitis. HIV/AIDS is also a serious risk.Time: GMT/UTC plus three hoursTelephone Area Code: 255Electricity: 230 volts, 50 Hz ACWeights & measures: Metric When to Go  The delights of the Zanzibar Archipelago are irresistibly alluring year-round. That said, the coolest and driest time to visit is between late June and October, but this is also when the place is bulging at the seams and air fares are at their zenith. From late December to February or early March temperatures are a tad higher, but there are fewer tourists to contend with. If you decide to brave the main rainy season (from March to June), you'll save on accommodation and transport costs, not to mention elbowroom.     Events  Although Muslim holidays make for heady celebrations in the Zanzibar Archipelago, you may feel like you're fasting even when it's not Ramadan - many restaurants close down during these times. Coinciding with the end of the hajj in February, Eid al-Kebir commemorates God's change of heart: Abraham was about to sacrifice his son as per God's command when the almighty decided, at the last moment, that a ram would do instead. Ramadan, the annual 30-day fast when adherents do not eat or drink from sunrise to sunset, and Eid al-Fitr, the feast that marks the end of Ramadan, are also celebrated in style. The precise dates of events, according to the Islamic calendar, are known only shortly before they fall, and depend upon the sighting of the moon.  July is the fashionable month for non-Muslim festivals. Consider lobbing in for the Zanzibar Cultural Festival, held annually around mid-July, the Zanzibar International Film Festival, also held in July, and Mwaka Kogwa (marking the Shirazi New Year or Nairuzim), held in late July.    