 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Visas are required for all except citizens of the Economic Community of West African States (ECWAS).Health risks: Malaria is a serious problem in Burkina Faso. Yellow fever vaccinations are required and proof of a meningitis shot is also useful - especially when there's an epidemic.Time:GMT/UTCElectricity:220V, 50HzWeights & measures:Metric When to Go  As with most of West Africa, the best time to go is weather related. November to February are the cooler months of the year, although the dusty Harmattan winds might temper your enthusiasm between the months of December and February. If you're going in an odd-numbered year, the film festival starts in late February, and if in an even year, the cultural festival begins early April.     Events  If you're in Burkina Faso in an odd-numbered year, don't miss the FESPACO film festival. Ouagadougou tarts itself up and puts on its metaphorical lippy to host this festival that showcases up-and-coming West African film makers. Though none of the participants have Spielbergian fame, a number of FESPACO-winning directors have gone on to collect awards in the more prestigious categories of the Cannes Film Festival. The festival usually begins the last Saturday in February. In even-numbered years Burkina Faso's second largest city, Bobo-Dioulasso, hosts La Semaine Nationale de la Culture. Both traditional and contemporary forms of music, dance and theatre, meet and mix in this week long cultural extravaganza. It begins the last week in April.  Every Friday morning, the Moro-Naba emerges from his palace in scarlet robes and, with due pomp and circumstance, re-enacts what in French is lyrically called  la ceremonie du Nabayius Gou and in English, somewhat more phlegmatically, 'the false departure of the emperor.' In a nutshell, the story is of a Mossi emperor who mounted his horse preparatory to going off to war, changed his mind, dismounted, and re-entered the palace. It seems a rather ignominious moment to immortalise by daily repeats, but there are nuances and subtleties to the story, and to a Burkinabe it symbolises the survival struggle of the Mossi monarchy.    