 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Visas are required for all foreigners, except nationals of Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, South Africa, the UK and the US, who may visit for up to 90 days without a visa.Health risks: Malaria, bilharzia (schistosomiasis), choleraTime: GMT/UTCElectricity: 220VWeights & measures: Metric When to Go  The best time to travel in Senegal is between November and February, when it's cool and dry. However, around this same time of year the dry, dusty harmattan winds blow off the Sahara. If you're going there to scuba dive, the waters are at their clearest from February to April. Bird-watchers will want to be around for the November-to-April migratory season.     Events  The Islamic (or Hejira) calendar is a full 11 days shorter than the Gregorian (western) calendar, so public holidays and festivals fall 11 days earlier each year. In March for the next few years, Ras as-Sana is the Islamic celebration of the new year. Moulid an-Nabi celebrates the prophet Mohammed's birthday around May. Ramadan is celebrated during the ninth month of the Islamic calendar (presently towards the end of the Gregorian calendar year), commemorating the month when the Qur'an was revealed to Mohammed. Out of deference, Muslims take neither food nor water until after sunset each day. At the end of Ramadan ( Eid al-Fitr), the fasting breaks amidst much celebration.  Other festivals include the Grand Magal pilgrimage and celebration, held in Touba 48 days after Ras as-Sana, and the Paris-Dakar Rally, a 10,000km (6200mi) motor race that ends in Dakar around the second week of January.   Public Holidays 1 January - New Year's Day 1 February - Confederation Day February - Tabaski March or April - Good Friday, Easter Monday 4 April - Independence Day May or June - Ascension Day, Pentecost and Whit Monday 1 May - May Day 15 August - Assumption Day 1 November - All Saints' DayNovember or December - 'Eid al-Fitr 25 December - Christmasback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to SenegalTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services