 Attractions  Conakry has a strong African flavour. If you stroll around the streets on a Sunday you're likely to come across a street celebration, with groups of men playing local instruments and people dancing. The city squats on a narrow peninsula, which puts the sea very close on three sides, but gives it no room to grow. Consequently, its northern spread makes it difficult to travel from one end to the other, particularly as the traffic is heavy. The main north-south street is the Autoroute, called the Route du Niger closer to the centre and the Ave de la Republique in the heart of town. It's been attractively landscaped, and clustered around it are the banks, airline offices and plenty of restaurants.  The Musee National has a reasonable collection of masks, statues and musical instruments on display in one large room, with free entrance. The Palais de l'OUA was going to be the venue for the OAU conference until Sekou Toure died, and it now serves as the office of the president. Don't go near it at night as you're not allowed there and the guards on duty are reportedly quick to shoot. Opposite the palace are 50 identical moorish-style villas, now used as offices by international organisations like UNICEF, the IMF and the World Bank. The Palais du Peuple is a huge, Chinese-built auditorium at the northern end of the Route du Niger, and is the home of the two national ballet troupes.  The  les de Los are a group of small islands five to 10km (3 to 6mi) south-west of town, and are popular on Sundays and public holidays. You can hire a motorised pirogue from the beach near the Novotel to get there.  There's little in the way of cheap accommodation in Conakry (it starts at about US$25 per person), and the few attractions may not hold your interest for long. Street crime in Conakry has also increased considerably, particularly around the central Marche du Niger, so you should always be on your guard. Unfortunately, the Marche is one of the best places to get street food, although there are several budget restaurants around the centre of town. If you decide to skip Conakry altogether, Coyah, about 50km (31mi) to the north, has reasonable rooms and generally lacks the hassle of the capital.  