 Attractions  The river borders the town on one side and hills covered in thick green vegetation border it on the other. There's a charming administrative district, and enough in town to keep you going for a day or two. The French founded the city in 1889, naming it after nearby rapids. Bangui does have charm, but travellers rarely have any praise for it, and parts of town are downright seedy and dangerous. The heart of the African quarter is the unmarked Km 5 intersection (known as 'K-Cinq'), 5km (3mi) from the centre of town. It has bars, dance clubs, and the largest market, and public transport departs from there in all directions. It is the liveliest place in town, but unfortunately it is also the most dangerous, with muggers and thieves, sometimes the worse for drink, on the lookout day and night for potential victims.  The centre of town is the Place de la Republique with its large, off-white triumphal arch, a ridiculous monument to Bokassa's short-lived empire. Near the port, two blocks to the south-east, is the  Marche Central (Central Market), and two blocks away, north-east of the plaza, is the presidential palace. Three major avenues lead away from the plaza to the north and west. To the west is Avenue Boganda, the city's main commercial street, centred between the arch and Rond-Point Boganda. Ave David Dacko passes the H tel Minerva and the US Embassy, and Ave de l'Independance extends to the north past the Centre Artisanal and the new national assembly towards the golf club.  The Musee de Boganda (Boganda Museum) on Ave de la France has a fantastic variety of musical instruments. It also displays pygmy tools and ancient artefacts, including old coins. Bokassa's former palace is 9km (5.5mi) from the south-western outskirts of town in Kolongo, on the way to M'Ba ki. It was looted of all its valuables after he left, but it still makes for an interesting diversion - a guided tour will take you past the lion cages and other gruesome relics of his time in power. It's worth making a trip to  les Chutes de Boali (Boali Waterfalls), during the wet season if the water is running. The water is controlled by a huge Chinese-built dam upriver, but they usually release some water on Sunday for the tourists. The waterfalls are 99km (61mi) northwest of Bangui.  There's a cluster of places to eat around the Place de la Republique, but the best area for street food and African food stalls is around the Km 5 intersection. Plenty of stalls here sell coffee with sweetened milk and French bread with lashings of butter for US$1 or so. There are a few hotels near the Place de la Republique, but generally they are more scattered than the restaurants and street food.  