 Environment  The island of Reunion lies in the Indian Ocean, about 800km (500mi) east of Madagascar and roughly 220km (140mi) south-west of Mauritius. It's just slightly smaller than the US state of Rhode Island and just a bit larger than Mauritius, but with around half the population of the latter. Just in case anyone was in doubt about its origins, its active volcano, Piton de la Fournaise, erupted in 1986, spewing lava into the sea and adding a few square metres to the island.  There are two major mountain zones on Reunion; one covers two-thirds of the island's western half. The highest peak is Piton des Neiges at 3069m (10,066ft) an alpine-class peak. Surrounding it are the three immense and splendid amphitheatres: the cirques of Cilaos, Mafate and Salazie. These long, wide, deep hollows are sheer-walled canyons filled with convoluted peaks and valleys, the eroded remnants of the ancient volcanic shield which surrounded Piton des Neiges. The smaller mountain zone lies in the south-east and is still evolving. No one lives in the shadow of the volcano, where lava flowing down to the shore has left a jumbled slope of cooled black volcanic rock. Between these two major mountainous zones are the high plains and the valley plains, and all the central plains are ringed by a coastal plain of varying width.  Reunion not only takes it from the volcano now and again, it also gets a lashing from cyclones. Cyclone Clotilde, which crashed into the island on Black Friday (13 February 1987 - a memorable Friday the 13th), causing millions of dollars of damage to crops, roads and buildings. There was another nasty cyclone in 1992. Because of the high mountains, the island's climate varies more than that of Mauritius. However, it still experiences only two distinct seasons: the hot, rainy summer from October to March and the cool, dry winter from April to September. The windward east coast is considerably wetter than the dry, brown west coast, but the wettest region is the heights above the east coast.  Temperatures on the coast average 21 C (70 F) during winter and 28 C (82 F) during summer. In the mountains, they drop to a 12 C (54 F) daily high in winter and 18 C (64 F) in summer.  