 Environment  Roughly the size of France, the CAR is surrounded on all sides by other nations, which, in a clockwise direction from the south, read: Democratic Republic of the Congo (formerly Za re, capital: Kinshasa), Republic of the Congo (capital: Brazzaville), Cameroon, Chad and Sudan. The country is mostly undulating land or flat plateau at around 600m (1968ft) above sea level. Dense tropical forests grow in the south, but that gradually thins as you move north and withers into Sahelian scrub in the northeast corner. The Bongo Massif near the border with Sudan rises to 1330m (4362ft) and the Yade Massif along the Cameroon border rises to 1420m (4576ft). The Oubangui River forms the southern boundary with the Democratic Republic of the Congo.  Those with the big bucks get to shoot the big bucks. Hunting safaris are still a huge business in the CAR, and have been ever since the French arrived a century ago and began parcelling up the land into hunting estates. If you've got US$30,000 to spare you can get your kicks shooting giant elands and bongos (types of spiral-horned antelopes), lions and leopards dead in their tracks. Until recently you could even contribute to the destruction of the elephant population. If you don't have the cash, or have a more live-and-let-live attitude to wildlife, there's always your camera, and the photo opportunities are dauntingly large. The CAR is renowned for its population of forest elephants, slightly smaller and with straighter tusks than their plains cousins. Parks include the Bamingui-Bangoran National Park in the northeast, the smaller St Floris National Park farther east and the recently created Dzanga-Ndoki Park and the surrounding Dzanga-Sangha Reserve in the south.  The rainy season lasts six months in the south of the country (May to October), diminishing progressively to four months (June to September) as you head north. The mercury can climb to 40 C (104 F) in the north between February and May, and the humidity can be oppressive.  