 Environment  The Comoros archipelago consists of four volcanic islands sprinkled over the Indian Ocean, between the northern tip of Madagascar and the top half of the Mozambique coastline. Three of the islands - Grande Comore (Ngazidja), Moheli (Mwali), and Anjouan (Ndzuani) - make up the Republic of Comoros, while the fourth island, Mayotte, remains unrepublic, unrepentant and unapologetically French. The three islands of the republic cover an area roughly 12 times the size of Washington, with the biggest and northernmost island, Grande Comore, shaped like a foot and shinbone. Beneath it is the smaller island of Moheli, the oval stone that the foot is kicking, and beneath that (and a little to the east), the medium-size island of Anjouan, shaped like a melting map of Tasmania. Mayotte, further south again, is about twice the size of Washington and is shaped like a feisty little seahorse standing on its head.  While Comoros isn't renowned for its weird and wacky wildlife on terra firma (apart from the fact that it's full of drongos), it is famous for being a bit of a Jurassic Park under the sea. In 1938 a local museum curator found a coelacanth in the bottom of a local's fishing basket. This prehistoric 'fossil' fish, with limblike fins and cartilaginous skeleton, was thought to have been extinct for over 70 million years, and the discovery, according to one professor, was equivalent to finding a live dinosaur. Incredibly, the locals had been catching these 'extinct' coelacanths (or gombessas) for years, and taking them home for a bit of a fry up. The find precipitated the Great Coelacanth Controversy, which pitted country against country, ichthyologist against ichthyologist, in a drama of passion, intrigue, envy, revenge, and tears. Or so the story goes. Not to be outdone by a mere fish, even a very old one, the president of Anjouan stated that the dodo was still alive and well and living on his island.  The climate is marine tropical, with two seasons: hot and humid from November to April, and cool and dry the rest of the year. In fact, for a significant part of the year Comoros enjoys a near-perfect, balmy 25 C with the scent of ylang-ylang, cloves, cinnamon and vanilla wafting gently in on the trade winds. But when it's not perfect paradise weather, it's tempestuous and surly, with monsoonal winds and cyclones screaming in off the ocean.  