 Off the Beaten Track  Tiny Goree Island, about 3km (2mi) east of Dakar, is a wonderfully peaceful place with about 1000 inhabitants, no asphalt roads and no cars. You'll find colonial-style houses with wrought-iron balconies, an old town hall, decent beaches and Le Castel, a rocky plateau that offers good views of the island and Dakar and is now occupied by a bunch of ganjafied drum junkies.  At the north end of the island, the excellent IFAN Historical Museum is worth a wander. Its superb pictorial and physical exhibits portray Senegalese history up to the present. There's also the Musee Maritime, Musee de la Femme and a tourist market near the ferry ramp that's full of souvenir crafts.  But the highlight - or lowlight, depending on your degree of sensitivity - of a visit to Goree is a trip to the Maison des Esclaves (Slave House), built in 1786 and renovated in 1990 with French assistance. Here, according to the house's tour guides, slaves were stuffed into small pens, inspected and priced like animals before being shipped to the Americas. The curators will go on to tell you how the obstinate ones were chained to the walls and sea water was pumped into their rooms to keep them partially submerged, and how the weaker ones died and were fed to sharks while the stronger survivors were branded with the shipping company's insignia and packed tightly into ships' holds for transportation. Although walking through the dimly lit dungeons (particularly after a visit to the museum) is truly evocative of the horrors of the slave trade, historians now believe it unlikely that the Slave House actually held many captive slaves, apart from those who belonged to the house's owners and maybe a few for trading. While they're anxious to distance themselves from charges of revisionism, they see the promotion of the house as a historical site of significance as mere commercialism based on distortion. Regardless of the promoters' hype and despite the historians' doubts, Slave House and its stories make for a grim reminder of Senegal's involvement in the brutal trade.  