 Facts for the Traveler   Visas:Visas are required by everyone except nationals of some West African countries. There are few Niger embassies around the world so getting a visa requires careful planning. Visas can only be obtained in a limited number of West African countries.Health risks:Vaccination certificates for yellow fever and cholera are required.Time:GMT/UTC plus 1 hourElectricity:220V, 50HzWeights & measures: Metric When to Go  Niger is uncomfortable pretty much all year round, but the best time to go is in the cooler months between November and February. You might get a bit of sand in the face from the dusty Harmattan winds in November, but it's not totally unbearable. It's also the best time to visit Parc W, Niger's game reserve, which closes during the wet season. If you find yourself there a little earlier, in the month of September, you can catch the Cure Salee.     Events   The Cure Sale is one of the brightest and biggest celebrations in West Africa. It occurs just before the rains come, and is a hurly-burly of socialising and catching up, as herders meet around the salt pans of Ingal and rest and wait for the blessed rain. One of the highlights of the Cure Sale is the  gerewol festival held by the nomadic Wodaabe tribe; a race of tall, lithe, physically beautiful people, with elegant, feminine features...and that's just the men! In fact it's the Wodaabe men who participate in a male beauty contest that lasts for hours, and which involves hours of pre-concert preening, dancing, and face-pulling, for the benefit of the female judges. The gerewol takes place in September.  The other large festival celebrates National Festival Day, in mid-April, with a week of dancing, wrestling, and camel racing. If you're in Niger at the beginning of August, check out Republic Day at Dosso. There's a famous cavalry parade with both riders and horses decked out in all their colourful finery. In the city of Agadez, during the Islamic celebrations of Tabaski, the Tuareg whoop it up with one of their favourite pastimes; camel racing. The cavalcade is a mad harem-scarem dash on camel, through the narrow crowded streets of the town, to the square in front of the Sultan's palace.    