 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Since no-one owns Antarctica no-one needs a visa to visit it. However, shipping schedules are at the mercy of the ice and elements so, even if you are travelling directly from your home country, you will need to bring a valid passport since your vessel could quite possibly pull into the port of another country for shelter. You will need visas for any countries that your ship visits en route to Antarctica.Health risks: Hypothermia, sunburn, dehydration, frostbite and snow blindnessTime: Clock time is largely irrelevant (the tourist season has about 20 hours' daylight each day), but most bases set their clocks in accordance with their home countries.Electricity: Each ship and each base has its own independent electricity supply, but many of the ships are Russian with a 220V/50 Hz output into a standard European two-pin socket. When to Go  Tourists cannot visit Antarctica during the winter; pack ice extends 1000km (620mi) around the continent making ship access impossible and the darkness (almost 24 hours a day) does not lift until summer time. Add to this the midwinter 'chill' - temperatures can be -80 or 90 Celsius - and you begin to realise that summer might be slightly more pleasant anyway.  October and November are early summer when the pack ice is breaking up and the birds, especially penguins, are courting and mating. December and January are the height of the austral summer and bring with them warmer weather, up to 20 hours of daylight each day and the bulk of the region's tourists. This is also the time when the penguins are hatching eggs and feeding chicks. In the late summer months of February and March there are terrific whale-watching opportunities and the adult penguins are ashore moulting. Remember also that some vessels visit Antarctica 10 or more times in a single season and the staff members and lecturers on these ships can become jaded and burnt out well before the end of the summer.     Events  Antarctica's most important holiday is Midwinter Day, on June 22, when the long polar night is half over. There are celebrations in all the bases which include feasting, games, songs and even local theatre productions. The last day of the sun and the first day of the sun are also important dates in the Antarctic calendar, although they fall on different dates depending on latitude. Visitors are unlikely to experience any of these festivities, however, because they occur during the long winter, but Christmas and New Year's Eve are celebrated with much enthusiasm and all the kooky style that a group of scientists and researchers can muster.    