 Environment  New Zealand is in the South Pacific Ocean, 1600km south-east of Australia. It stretches 1600km from north to south and consists of two large islands and a smattering of smaller islands - some hugging its shores, others hundreds of km away. The North Island (115,000 sq km) and the South Island (151,000 sq km) are the two major land masses; the next largest is Stewart Island (1700 sq km), which lies directly beneath the South Island. The North Island has a number of large volcanoes (including the currently active Mount Ruapehu) and highly active thermal areas, while the South Island boasts the Southern Alps - a spine of magnificent mountains running almost its entire length. Another notable feature of New Zealand is its myriad rivers and lakes: notably the Whanganui River, Lake Taupo and the breathtaking lakes Waikaremoana and Wanaka.  Much of New Zealand's flora is endemic and its extent is enormous: giant gum-producing kauri and kohekohe forests; rainforest dominated by rimu, beech, tawa, matai and rata; ferns and flax; alpine and subalpine herb fields; and scrub and tussock. One of the most noticeable plants is the pohutukawa (known as the New Zealand Christmas tree) which detonates with brilliant red flowers around December. About 10 to 15% of the total land area of New Zealand is covered with native flora, the bulk protected in national parks and reserves.  Curiously, native fauna is limited, with the only indigenous mammals being bats. Bird life, however, has thrived. The most common species include the morepork, tui, weka and the kea, a clamant and mischievous bird which likes nothing better than to sashay up to humans, tip over rubbish bins and slide 'kee-aaaing' down corrugated roofs at night. Introduced species - pigs, goats, possums, dogs, cats, deer and the ubiquitous sheep - are found throughout New Zealand, but their proliferation in the wild has had a deleterious effect on the environment: over 150 native plants - 10% of the total number of native species - and many native birds are presently threatened with extinction. New Zealand's offshore waters hold a variety of fish, including tuna, marlin, snapper, trevally, kahawai and shark; while its marine mammals - dolphins, seals and whales - attract nature-lovers from around the world. There are 14 national, 20 forest, three maritime and two marine parks, plus two World Heritage Areas: Tongariro National Park in the North Island and Te Waihipouna-mu in the South Island.  Lying between 34S and 47S, New Zealand sits squarely in the 'roaring forties' latitude, which means a prevailing and continual wind blows over the country from west to east; this can range from a gentle breeze in summer to a buffeting, roof-stripping gale in winter. The North Island and South Island, because of their different geological features, have two distinct patterns of rainfall: in the South Island, the Southern Alps act as a barrier for the moisture-laden winds from the Tasman Sea, creating a wet climate to the west of the mountains and a dry climate to the east; while the North Island's rainfall is more evenly distributed without a comparable geological feature such as the Alps. Temperatures are a few degrees cooler in the South Island, and both islands receive snow in winter. Winter falls in the months of June through August and summer from December through February. It is important to remember that New Zealand's climate is maritime, rather than continental, which means the weather can change with amazing rapidity and consequence. The busy tourist season falls in the warmer months between November and April, though ski resorts, such as Queenstown, are full during winter.  