 Attractions  Port Moresby (population 145,000), the capital of PNG and the major exit/entry point for travellers, is located on a superb natural harbour on the southern coast of New Guinea. Much drier than the rest of the country, Port Moresby often suffers from extended droughts which can lead to water restrictions. A sprawling, some suggest crime-addled city (razor wire and snapping guard dogs are everywhere), Port Moresby is probably more bark than bite and does have some interesting things to see and do.  These include: Boroko (an important shopping centre that includes a number of restaurants and bars, banks and department stores); Gordons (an otherwise lacklustre area enlivened by Gordons Market, one of the largest and busiest in the country); Parliament House (the new parliament building, built in Maprik haus tambaran or spirit-house style); National Museum & Art Gallery (offers excellent coverage of the country's geography, history, culture, flora and fauna); Idler's Beach (a popular swimming spot east of Port Moresby); and Sinasi Reef and Daugo Island (a beautiful reef and white, sandy beaches) are popular excursions from Port Moresby. Hanuacraft and PNG Arts are recommended if you intend to buy local arts and crafts. Note that accommodation is expensive and should be booked in advance.  Central Province covers the narrow coastal strip along the southern coast from the Gulf of Papua almost to the eastern end of the mainland, plus the southern half of the central mountain range. North-east of Port Moresby is the spectacular Rouna Falls and nearby Varirata National Park, the first national park in PNG. There is a variety of interesting and clearly marked walking trails in the park and some excellent lookouts back to Port Moresby and the coast. North of Port Moresby is Brown River, a pleasant spot for swimming, rafting and picnics. The Kokoda Trail, which links the northern and southern coasts, is the most popular (but not the most spectacular) walking track in the country; its major drawcard is the emotional pull of its history (it was the site of fierce fighting between the Japanese and Allied forces in WWII).  