 When to Go  The best times to visit are the shoulder seasons of spring and autumn, especially around March-April or October-November. These seasons are a delight, with clear, warm days and mild nights. Sydney is blessed with a temperate climate and averages summer temperatures of around 25 C (77 F). It can get up to 40 C (104 F) on a hot day and high humidity can make it oppressive, but torrential downpours often break the heat between October and March. Winters are cool rather than cold. Beach lovers unperturbed by the hazards of lizard-skin and melanomas should come between December and February.     Events  The huge Sydney Festival takes up most of January. It's the umbrella for a number of events, from open-air concerts in The Domain, to street theatre and fireworks. The Great Ferry Boat Race celebrates Australia Day in January. Indie film festival Tropfest happens in February, as does the outlandish Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras. The more traditional 12-day Royal Easter Show brings the country to the city in March/April. The Sydney Writers Festival brings international scribes into the city in May, and hot on its heels is the Sydney Film Festival, reeling in the crowds in June.  Around 20,000 compete in the annual 14km (8.5mi) City to Surf Run in August. And sports fans are in for a treat with the Rugby League Grand Final in September. The Manly International Jazz Festival tunes up in October and in the same month gets frivolous with the Sydney Comedy Festival. The city's Christmas orphans traditionally gather on Bondi Beach on Christmas Day, drinking up a storm and keeping the life-savers and police busier than they would like to be on a public holiday. After a short nap, they do it all over again on New Years Eve. Those scared of the water usually do their end-of-the-year hellraising in The Rocks or Kings Cross. The Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race starts in late December and continues through to January.   Public holidays 1 January - New Year's Day 26 January - Australia Day March/April - Easter 25 April - Anzac Day second Monday in June - Queen's Birthday first Monday in August - Bank Holiday first Monday in October - Labour Day 25 December - Christmas Day 26 December - Boxing Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to SydneyTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services