 Environment  More than three times the size of the United Kingdom and twice the size of Japan, New South Wales sits squarely on the east coast of Australia, wedged between southern rival Victoria and big brash Queensland in the north. NSW has enough personality to avoid being squeezed out by its neighbours and wraps itself around the nation's capital, Canberra. The Great Dividing Range cuts the eastern coast off from the inland, peaking at Mountain Kosciusko, Australia's largest mountain. Stretching almost unendingly to the west are the plains, while the northwest takes on the deep red soil of the outback.  New South Wales has its fair share of Australian flora and fauna. The gum tree, or eucalypt, has become synonymous with Australia; many of its 700-odd species can be found across NSW, from lush rainforests to arid deserts. Other common plants are wattle, grevilleas, hakeas, banksias, tea trees, bottlebrushes and the state flower, the waratah.  Many of the icons of the Australian bush can be spotted in NSW, including kangaroos, possums, wombats, koalas, platypuses, emus, echidnas and dingoes. Not to mention the plethora of interesting bird species, such as parrots, cockatoos and kookaburras. And then there's the countless species of indigenous reptiles and insect species. More infamous is Australia's dangerous fauna, including spiders (the redback and Sydney's funnel-web) and snakes (taipans and the tiger are found in NSW).  The state has over 140 national parks, varying from the peak of NSW's largest park, Kosciusko, to Sydney Harbour National Park (scattered pockets of bushland set in the city), to the outback expanses of the Mungo and Sturt national parks.  Being 'down under' means Australia's seasons are the antithesis of those in North America and Europe, with summer starting in December, autumn in March, winter in June and spring in September. That said, weather has more variations in NSW than meteorologists can poke their pointers at, but, as a general rule, the further north you are the warmer and more humid it'll get. The farther west you go, the drier it gets.  