 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Citizens of the US and Canada do not require a visa or passport, but should carry a birth certificate or naturalization certificate with a picture ID to prove citizenship. British citizens need a passport but not a visa. Citizens of all other countries need a passport, and, in some cases, a visa. Visitors are permitted to stay up to six months but must have an onward ticket.Health risks: Sunburn, dengue feverTime:Atlantic Standard Time (GMT/UTC minus 3 hours)Electricity: 110V, 60HzWeights & measures: ImperialTelephone: From North America, dial 1 + 284 + the seven-digit local number. From elsewhere, dial your country's direct dialing prefix + 1 + 284 + the seven-digit local number. When to Go  The peak tourist season is December to May, but this has more to do with the weather in North America and Europe than it does with the reliably balmy Virgin Islands weather. It's therefore best to visit outside this period, when you can expect room rates to be about two-thirds of those charged during the busier months. An additional draw is that the calmer weather between April and August tends to keep the waters clearer for diving.     Events  The BVI Summer Fest is a two week riot of noise and color: calypso, fungi and steel bands shake it up, pageants crown festival queens and people flood the streets. The festival is the British Virgin Islands' own version of Carnival and celebrates the emancipation of the islands' African slaves. Most activity takes place in Road Town on Tortola.  Yachties sail in for the Annual Spring Regatta held in Road Town in April, and windsurfers converge on the islands for the HIHO Races held late June or early July. The competition lasts seven days, and a gaggle of cruisers follows the racers in a weeklong portable party. Fourth of July isn't normally celebrated in British territory for obvious reasons, but there are enough Americans in the BVI to justify fireworks and a spate of barbecues.   Public Holidays 1 January - New Year's Day Early March - Commonwealth Day Late March or April - Easter 30 April - Queen's Birthday Late May or early June - Whit Monday June - Sovereign's Birthday Early July - Territory Day October 21 - St Ursula's Day November 14 - Birthday of Heir to the Throne 25 December - Christmas Day 26 December - Boxing Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to British Virgin IslandsTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services