 Environment  Puerto Rico is rectangular, sandwiched between the bulk of Hispaniola and the tiny archipelagoes of the leeward islands. The Atlantic Ocean lies to the north and the Caribbean Sea to the south. The mainland measures 175km by 56km (100mi by 35mi), about the size of Corsica, and is roughly bisected by the rugged Cordillera Central, whose high point is the 1340m (4400ft) Cerro la Punta. The hills drain into Puerto Rico's lush northern coast and the drier southern region. The small islands of Vieques and Culebra (to the east) and Mona (to the west) are also Puerto Rican territory.  The rainforest of El Yunque, in Puerto Rico's northeast, is its steamy pride and joy. Birds, reptiles and plantlife thrive in this sodden national park that receives over a billion gallons of rainfall per year. Typical canopy trees include the patient yagrumo humbra which can lie for months on the forest floor before shooting up rapidly to plug a gleaming sliver of sky. Shade-tolerant trees such as ausubo and tabonuco live under the rainforest canopy. Moving south, the countryside becomes much more arid and rocky, incorporating environments such as the Gu nica Dry Forest, unusual for being dry, coastal and tropical. Gu nica includes coastal mangrove stands, cacti and other hardy shrubbery inland and evergreens (lignum vitae) in the hills. The northwestern karst country is hilly, lush and pocked with caves and rocky outcrops.  Puerto Rico's native frogs, known as coqu s, are the beloved symbol of the island, though their presence is experienced much more through sound than sight. Though the largest coqu s are only a couple of inches long, these little croakers belt out a hell of a 'KO-KEE' chant. Though you're unlikely to see one, you'll certainly hear them if you head into the countryside. Their froggy aria is all the more special for its being uniquely Puerto Rican: popular wisdom has it that they stop singing if they're removed from home.  Puerto Rico is balmy year round with daily highs between 75-85 F (24-30 C). Hurricane season is between May and November and, as the terrible destruction wrought by Georges in September 1998 showed, it's worth keeping an eye on weather reports if you're heading to Puerto Rico at this time of year. Usually, hurricane season means that the weather is a fraction hotter, wetter and gustier than at other times, not that debris routinely flies through the streets. The mountains are significantly cooler than the coast but forget about building snowmen even at the height of winter.  