 Activities  Despite the island's resort infrastructure, all of St Lucia's beaches are public. There are fine swathes of sand and good swimming on the touristed northwestern coast between Gros Islet and Pigeon Point, and at Choc Beach and Reduit Beach. The southwestern coast has plenty of secret coves and bays, but many are accessible only by boat. The Vieux Fort area, at the southern tip of the island, and Cas-en-Bas on St Lucia's northeastern coast, are popular with experienced windsurfers.  St Lucia's rugged mountain terrain continues beneath the sea as underwater mounts, caves and drop-offs. Most of the diving takes place on the western side of the island since the eastern side is less protected and has rougher water conditions. Anse Chastanet, just north of Soufriere, has been designated as a marine park and boasts nearshore reefs with a wide variety of corals, sponges and reef fish. Its accessibility makes it excellent for both diving and snorkeling. A popular dive spot further south is Key Hole Pinnacles, where coral-encrusted underwater mounts rise to within a few feet of the surface. Another interesting option is the artificial reef that has formed around the 165ft (50m) freighter, the Lesleen, which was deliberately sunk in 65ft (20m) of water at Anse Cochon. Other good snorkeling and diving spots include the area beneath Petit Piton and Gros Piton, the coastal mountains that loom to the south of Soufriere, and Pigeon Island in the main resort area north of Castries.  There are three main hiking trails heading into the mountainous interior on public lands administered by the Department of Forest & Lands. The three-hour return trip to the top of the 1446ft (434m) Morne la Cam on the accessible Barre de L'isle Trail follows the ridge that divides the eastern and western halves of St Lucia. The Des Cartiers Rainforest Trail at the Quilesse Forest Reserve passes through the habitat of the rare St Lucia parrot, and the Edmund Forest Reserve Trail negotiates a rain forest interlaced with orchids and bromelaids and offers a view of St Lucia's highest peak, the 3118ft (935m) Mt Gimie. Most hikers negotiate the latter two trails as part of an organized walk because the trailheads are not easily accessible.  