 Environment  Dominica is 500 miles (805 km) northeast of Caracas, Venezuela, and 375 miles (605 km) southeast of San Juan, Puerto Rico. Its nearest neighbors are Guadeloupe (60 mi/95 km north) and Martinique (55mi/90 km south). Slightly larger than Guam and shaped a bit like a bottle of port, Dominica is 29 miles (47km) long and 16 miles (26km) wide. It has the highest mountains in the Eastern Caribbean; the loftiest peak, Morne Diablotin, is 4750ft (1450m) high. The mountains, which act as a magnet for rain, serve as a water source for the more than 200 rivers that run down the mountain valleys. En route to the coast many of the rivers cascade over steep cliff faces, giving the island an abundance of waterfalls.  More than 160 bird species have been sighted on Dominica, giving it some of the most diverse bird life in the Eastern Caribbean. Of these, 59 species nest on the island, including two endemic and endangered parrot species. Dominica's national bird, the Sisserou, also called the Imperial Parrot, is about 20in (50cm) long when full grown, the largest of all Amazon parrots. Other critters include large crapaud frogs, lizards, 13 species of bat, 55 of butterfly, boa constrictors that grow nearly 10ft (3m) in length and four other types of snakes (none poisonous).  Dominica is well known for its vast rainforests, but the island also has montane thickets, dry scrub woodlands, evergreen forests, fumarole vegetation, cloud forests and elfin woodlands. The most abundant tree on the island is the gommier, a huge gum tree that's traditionally been used to make dugout canoes. The most colorful of Dominica's endemic plants is its national flower, the bwa kwaib, or Carib tree. A deciduous shrub, it's found on the island's drier west coast. In spring, the bare branches of this shrub suddenly become thick with hundreds of scarlet flowers, adding a bright splash to the countryside.  In January the average high temperature is 85 F (29 C) while the low averages 68 F (20 C). In July the average high is 90 F (32 C) while the low averages 72 F (22 C). The driest months are February to June. All these statistics are for Roseau - the mountains are cooler and wetter.  