 Environment  Haiti is the most densely populated country in the Western Hemisphere and makes up 27,750 sq km (10,714 sq mi) of the western third of Hispaniola, the second-largest island in the Caribbean. It's near the center of the West Indies, about 960km (594mi) south of Florida and 450km (280mi) north of Venezuela. Haiti contains a few remaining cloud-forested mountains and some fertile river valleys, although much of the countryside suffers from desertification and erosion. It has two large peninsulas, the northern and southern claws, which are separated by the Golfe de la Gon ve. Here, the largest of Haiti's ofshore islands, le de la Gon ve, is easily accessible.  Haiti's name comes from the Arawak word for 'mountainous land;' indeed, 60% of all terrain is on gradients of 20% or higher. Major mountain ranges include the Massif de la Hotte on the southern claw, boasting the 2347m-high (7700ft-high) Pic Macaya; the Massif de la Selle, running west to east just southeast of Port-au-Prince, peaking out at Pic La Selle (2674m, 8770ft); and in the north, the spectacular Chaine du Bonnet, visible from the Citadelle. Numerous mountain streams burble down the hillsides, but the only navigable river is the broad Artibonite, which begins at the Dominican border and empties just north of St Marc.  Many Haitians, beset by rolling 12-hour electricity blackouts, rely on wood for cooking and many other activities. The resulting deforestation has left only 3% of Haiti untouched, and much rich topsoil has washed into the sea, where it chokes the reefs and marine life. In an effort to save the remaining virgin forest, four national parks struggle to survive: For t des Pins, in the southeast next to the Dominican border; Parc La Visite, with limestone caves and rainforests 40km southwest of Port-au-Prince; Parc Macaya, at the western end of Haiti's southern claw; and Parc Historique La Citadelle, in the center of the Massif du Nord, near Cap-Ha tien.  Haiti boasts astounding biodiversity, thanks in part to the nine distinct biomes ranging from sea level to almost Alpine heights. The 5000 plant species include more than 600 ferns and 300 orchids, as well as several native cacti. More than 25 species of bird are endemic, with many others overnighting here during travels between the continents. Only two native mammals survive: the Hispaniolan hutia, which looks like a small mole, and the solendon, a rodent locally known as nez longue (long nose) for its prominent proboscis.  Haiti's climate is generally hot and humid, and temperatures vary more over the course of a day than from season to season. Highs are generally around 30 C (85 F), while nighttime lows can reach 20 C (65 F). The summer (June toAugust) can be slightly hotter than the winter, while temperatures drop markedly at higher elevations. The rainy season varies: Along the northern coast, it runs from October to May, while the southern claw can expect rain from May to October.  Haiti's four-month-long hurricane season is summed up in this popular rhyme: 'June - too soon, July - stand by, August - a must, September - remember.' Of course, August isn't always the season's peak; Hurricane Georges, which rolled through Hispaniola to the tune of 250 dead and US$1.2 billion in damages, happened in September 1998. If a hurricane is forecast during your Haitian holiday, consider getting off the island or retreating (at least) a few kilometers inland.  