 Attractions  St Martin is less developed than Dutch Sint Maarten, and this is reflected in its capital, the prettily named Marigot. Like its Dutch counterpart, it's a duty-free paradise, chock-full of chic perfume, jewellery and fashion shops, but fortunately has fewer of the cruise ship daytrippers who flood St Philipsburg. Even so, the town is starting to lose some of its historic West Indian buildings to modern structures and car parks geared to the tourist trade.  The town boasts two commercial centres. One, around the harbourfront, has a public market selling food and souvenirs, and is where boats to St Barts and Anguilla dock. The other centre encompasses the Port La Royale Marina, which is surrounded by a cluster of restaurants and boutiques that spill out onto bustling Rue du General de Gaulle. Although at first glance Marigot, with all its boutiques and cafes, seems tres French, it also has a rich Caribbean side that becomes more apparent the further away from the harbour you go.  Aside from shopping and fine French food, Marigot has a couple of key tourist attractions. Fort Louis (also called Fort de Marigot) was built in 1789 to protect Marigot's warehouses against the British. Today it consists of little more than some partially intact stone walls and a couple of cannons, but its hilltop locale offers fine views of Marigot and Simpson Bay. You can find the other main attraction, St Martin Archaeological Museum, on the road to Sandy Ground. The nicely presented museum focuses on the Arawak Period, with shell amulets, bone artefacts, arrow points and pottery pieces illustrating the culture of the island's early Amerindian inhabitants. There are also displays on the town's more recent history.  Marigot is so small you can easily stagger from boat to bar to bed without losing your way. Places to eat can be found either at the marina or in downtown Marigot. Port La Royale Marina, at the southern end of town, is lined with fiercely competitive restaurants offering everything from pizza to seafood and nouvelle cuisine. Downtown at the harbourfront public market you'll find a mix of bars, lolos (sidewalk barbecues) and French restaurants. There's also a waterfront produce market and a modern supermarket on the north side of town. Marigot itself has only a few accommodation places and they lie in the centre of town and just south of the marina.  