 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Visas are not required. Citizens of the USA, Canada and the UK can visit with proof of citizenship in the form of a birth certificate or voter's registration card, accompanied by an official photo ID. Citizens of other countries must have a valid passport. A return or onward ticket is required of all visitors.Health risks: Sunburn, diarrhea and intestinal parasitesTime: GMT/UTC minus four hoursElectricity: 220-240V, 50HzWeights & measures: Imperial When to Go  The temperature on balmy St Vincent hardly changes. The average daily high varies about 1 F from January to July. Rainfall is a different matter. July is the wettest month, when there's measurable rainfall an average of 26 days, while April, the driest month, averages six days of rain. January to May are the driest months and thus the best time to go, but they're also the peak tourist season. Generally, the Grenadines tend to be drier than St Vincent.     Events  St Vincent's carnival, called Vincy Mas, is the main cultural event of the year. Usually held during the first two weeks of July, it features a 12-day run of calypso and steel band music, colorful costume parades and lots of dancing. Most of the action is centered in Kingstown. On Bequia, there's a major regatta over the Easter weekend. A Christmas celebration called Nine Mornings starts on 15 December and features parades through the streets of Kingstown, bicycle races, string band serenades and carolling. May Day is also Fisherman's Day on St Vincent, which comes at the end of a week's worth of contests when the island's fishermen catch as many fish and mend as many nets as they can.   Public Holidays 1 January - New Year's Day 22 January - St Vincent & the Grenadines Day Easter Holidays - Good Friday, Easter Monday First Monday in May - Labour Day Eighth Monday after Easter - Whit Monday Second Monday in July - Caricom Day Mid-July - Carnival Tuesday First Monday in August - August Monday 27 October - Independence Day 25 December - Christmas Day 26 December - Boxing Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementGuides to Saint Vincent & the GrenadinesTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services