 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: All visitors require a valid passport; citizens of Argentina, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Israel, Liechtenstein, Monaco, South Korea, Switzerland, UK and USA do not require visas. Others must have a three-month tourist visa, which can be obtained upon arrival with a completed application (provided by an embassy or consulate), two passport-size photos and a fee of US$5.40. Check with any Haitian embassy for the latest requirements.Health risks: Malaria, hepatitis A, tuberculosis, dengue fever, sunburn. Don't drink Haitian tap water, and be wary of food that might have been washed in tap water.Time:GMT minus four hours, with no adjustment for daylight saving timeElectricity: 115-125V AC, 60 Hz, two- and three-pin flat-pronged plugs; many areas receive up to 12 hours of rolling blackouts each dayWeights & measures: Metric with some US measurements When to Go  Haiti has two rainy seasons, from April to May and from September to October, with most rain falling in the mountains. If you plan to do much hiking, trekking or even driving, these might be months to avoid. The June-to-September hurricane season might be worth missing as well; though the chances of one blowing through are miniscule, remember that one little hurricane can wreck your whole holiday. The temperature is fairly constant year-round, with highs averaging around 34 C (95 F) in the summer and 30 C (85 F) in the winter. There isn't currently a peak tourist season, making Haiti an ideal destination during the Northern Hemisphere's winter, when most Caribbean isles are packed with snowbirds slurping umbrella-laden beverages and raising the prices of food, accommodations and everything else.  It's worth planning a visit to Haiti around Carnival (the three days leading up to Ash Wednesday) or Rara (the week leading up to Easter), when music and dancing seem to erupt spontaneously. Avoid the weeks leading up to an election, including the presidential election in December 2000, when less pleasant but equally spontaneous eruptions of passion tend to make their mark.     Events  It's worth planning your visit to coincide with Haiti's special events. Carnival, or Mardi Gras, cranks up the days leading up to Ash Wednesday, with Port-au-Prince as ground zero for the festivities. Haiti's top bands load up floats with massive sound systems and cruise streets that are packed with people dancing, singing and blowing off steam.  Carnival precedes Rara, dubbed the 'rural Carnival.' The week leading up to Easter is alive with an African beat as roads all over Haiti swell with bands of revelers, percussionists and the music of bamboo-and-tin trumpets. It's easy to become immersed in the music as the Rara band moves slowly down the road. Before you know it, you'll find you've followed the festivities for miles.  Two major Vodou pilgrimages take place each year. Saut d'Eau happens July 16 in the village of Ville-Bonheur, when pilgrims make their way to bathe in the sacred waterfall and visit a church built on the spot where the Virgin Mary allegedly appeared in 1884. On July 25, Plaine du Nord celebrates the day of St James, associated with the Vodou spirit Ogou Ferraille. Pilgrims come from all over the country dressed in red-and-blue garb for the ceremonies. On July 26, many celebrants move on to the town of Limonade, where the feast day of St Anne doubles as a day of respect for Erzulie, another Vodou spirit.  Gede, or fetdem takes place November 1 and 2, and is well worth catching. People pile into the cemeteries to pour libations for Baron Samedi around crosses festooned with candles, skulls and marigolds. The uniform of a Gede, the guardians of the cemetery and lords of the erotic, is made up of black and purple clothes, a top hat and mirrored shades. If someone posessed by the Gede acts lasciviously toward you, go with it.   Public Holidays January 1 - Independence Day(Jou d'lan) January 2 - Ancestry Day April 7 - Death of Toussaint Louverture August 15 - Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary October 17 - Death of Jean-Jacques Dessalines November 1 - All Saints November 2 - All Souls November 18 - Vertieres Day December 5 - Discovery of Haiti December 25 - Christmas Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to HaitiTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services