 Environment  Hilly and dry, the islands lie 50 miles (80km) east of Puerto Rico, 1100 miles (1770km) southeast of Miami and immediately east and north of the US Virgin Islands. Tortola, Virgin Gorda, Anegada and Jost Van Dyke are the principal islands; most of the other 40 odd islets are uninhabited. Taken together, they're a little smaller than Washington, DC. Three quarters of the British Virgin Islands' population lives on Tortola, which is 14 miles (23km) long and 2 miles (3km) wide.  Dense subtropical forests cover most of the islands' inland hills, but there are also arid stretches dominated by succulents, palm and coastal mangrove swamps, where baby fish find their swimming fins and crabs scuttle about. Indigenous forest flora includes mahogany, bulletwood, fig, tree ferns and the elephant ear vine, which slithers along the ground until it finds a sturdy tree to climb. Mango, papaya, coconut and breadfruit trees are found in abundance. The mammee apple is native to this part of the Caribbean and is prized for its sweet brown-skinned fruit.  Common animals are lizards, rats and donkeys. The nocturnal bo-peep frog is found exclusively on Virgin Gorda and Tortola and has a call that seems impossibly loud for such a little tacker. Virgin Gorda is home to a tiny gecko with the distinction of having a name ( Spherodactylus pathenopian) longer than the animal itself. The cheekiest bird of the islands is the bananaquit, a yellow-breasted sugar addict that thinks nothing of swooping your breakfast table for a hypoglycemic hit. Other birds include doves, hummingbirds, herons, egrets and hawks.  The weather is reliably balmy with daily highs year round between 70-80 F (22-27 C). Trade winds keep humidity low and Caribbean currents keep waters warm. Rainfall is unlikely to dampen a visit, with the wettest months, September through November, averaging only about five days of rain each. The islands are prone to hurricanes between July and October, so keep an eye on weather reports if you're visiting during these months.  