 Attractions  Old Havana (La Habana Vieja) was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1982, kicking along a restoration process that had begun two decades earlier in the wake of the revolution. Many of Havana's finest buildings have been converted into museums and there are enough churches, palaces, castles, revolutionary monuments and markets here to sate the most ravenous culture vulture. The renovations haven't extended to residential areas, however. Nearly half the housing in the city is in bad repair - about 300 buildings collapse each year - and thousands of city residents have had to be evacuated.  Unmissable sights include the Plaza de la Catedral, one of the most beautiful squares in the city. On weekends the square fills with lively handicraft markets, torpid tourists and street-sweepers who turn their task into a ceremony. The unequal towers of the Catedral de San Christ bal de La Habana dominate the square. Nearby is the Castillo de la Real Fuerza, the oldest extant colonial fortress in the Americas. The west tower is crowned by a bronze weathervane dating back to 1632. La Giraldilla (as the nimble-figured wind-spinner is known) is believed to be Do a Ines de Bobadilla, waiting futilely for her husband, the explorer Hernando de Soto, who set off to Florida on a quest for the Fountain of Youth and was eaten by cannibals.  The Royal Palm-studded Plaza de Armas has been the seat of authority and power in Cuba for 400 years. There's a large secondhand book market here on weekends. The imposing Palacio de los Capitanes Generales on the west side of the square is one of Cuba's most majestic buildings. It has served as Spanish commander's residence, US military governor's residence, presidential palace, city hall and now as the City Museum. Calle Obispo runs off Plaza de Armas and was one of Hemingway's hangouts; today it's a pedestrian-only throughway filled with frivolous fashion stores and alfresco cafes.  Hotels in Old Havana range from the grand to the grungy. Prado, the 19th-century meeting place of Havana society, is now a strip of lovingly restored hotels and scurf-infested apartments, laurels, marble benches and habaneros genially begging for soap. Private rooms of varying standards are available in the area - have a look before you commit yourself. As well as the state-run restaurants, there are a lot of paladares (private restaurants of 12 seats or less) in Old Havana.  