 Activities  Dominica has excellent hiking and much of the island's rainforests, rivers and waterfalls are within easy reach of the larger towns. In the Northern Forest Reserve, there's an easy hike through a parrot reserve and a rugged trail to the top of the island's highest mountain. The Morne Trois Pitons National Park offers treks into the wilderness that range from jaunts through verdant jungles to an all-day trek across a steaming volcanic valley that ends at a boiling lake. If you're tired of walking, you can rent a mountain bike in Soufriere and explore old estate trails and the nearby sulfur springs.  Dominica doesn't have the picture-postcard beaches usually associated with the Caribbean, since most of the island's sand is black. The best beaches are in the Portsmouth area in the northwest. The eastern coast is largely rugged with high surf, but there are a few pockets of golden sand just south of Calibishie where the water is sometimes calm enough for swimming and snorkeling.  Dominica has superb diving. The island's rugged scenery continues underwater, where it forms sheer drop-offs, volcanic arches, pinnacles and caves. Many of Dominica's top dive sites are in the Soufriere Bay area, off the island's southwestern coast, where the walls and caves are rife with stingray, snapper, barracuda, parrotfish, huge tube sponge and soft coral. There are also a number of good dive sites off the northern coast, notably at Castaways Reef, Grande Savane, Rodney's Rock, Toucari Bay and the wrecks of a barge and tug off Canefield. Calm waters suitable for swimmers, snorkelers and inexperienced divers can be found around Champagne, a sub-aquatic hot spring off Pointe Guignard where crystal bubbles rise from underwater vents.  The island's deep surrounding waters offer excellent whale and dolphin watching. Sperm whales are most commonly sighted between October and March. You can also spot orca, pygmy sperm whales, pygmy killer whales, false killer whales and pilot whales. Paddling a kayak around Soufriere Bay or along the western coast to snorkeling sites that can't be reached by land is a great way to experience the marine environment.  