 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: US and Canadian citizens can stay up to 3 months by showing proof of citizenship. Citizens of the European Union (EU) need an official identity card, valid passport or French carte de sejour. Citizens of most other foreign countries, including Australia, need a valid passport and a visa for France. A roundtrip or onward ticket is officially required of visitors.Health risks: Sunburn, diarrhea and intestinal parasites; bilharzia (schistosomiasis) can be present in fresh waterTime: GMT/UTC minus 4 hoursElectricity: 220V, 50HzWeights & measures: MetricTourism: Estimated 775,000 visitors per year When to Go  Martinique is warm year-round, with temperatures usually peaking close to 30 C (around 85 F) during the day. Humidity is highest in September and lowest in April. The best time to go to Martinique is the slightly cooler, drier season of late winter to early spring (February to May). Note that this is also the peak tourist season and prices will be highest and attractions and lodgings most crowded.     Events  Martinique has a spirited Mardi Gras Carnival during the five-day period leading up to Ash Wednesday each February/March. The streets fill with rum-fueled revelers and there are costume parades, music and dancing. Much of the activity is centered around La Savane in Fort-de-France. Saint-Pierre commemorates the 8 May eruption of Mont Pelee with live jazz and a candlelight procession from the cathedral.  Martinique has several major sporting events, including the Tour de la Martinique, a week-long bicycle race held in mid-July; the Tour des Yoles Rondes, a week-long race of traditional sailboats held in early August; and a semi-marathon around Fort-de-France in November. Music lovers can enjoy the biennial week-long Martinique Jazz Festival, held in December on odd-numbered years, or the guitar festival held on even-numbered years.   Public Holidays 1 January - New Year's Day Easter Holidays - Good Friday, Easter Monday Fortieth day after Easter - Ascension Thursday Eighth Monday after Easter - Pentecost Monday 1 May - Labor Day 8 May - Victory Day 22 May - Slavery Abolition Day 14 July - Bastille Day 21 July - Schoelcher Day 15 August - Assumption Day 1 November - All Saints Day 11 November - Armistice Day 25 December - Christmas Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to MartiniqueTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services