 Environment  Located at the end of a sweep of islands on the southeastern boundary of the Caribbean, Trinidad and Tobago are just barely off the coast of Venezuela. Trinidad's land area is 4828 sq km (1883 sq mi) and Tobago's is 300 sq km (117 sq mi). Geographically, boot-shaped Trinidad was clearly once part of the South American mainland. Over time a channel developed, separating Trinidad from Venezuela. The connection to South America is readily visible in Trinidad's lofty Northern Range, a continuation of the Andes, and in its abundant oil and gas reserves, which are concentrated on the southwestern side of the island facing oil-rich Venezuela.  The Northern Range spreads east to west, forming a scenic backdrop to Port of Spain. In the center of the range, above Arima, lies the 941m (3086ft) Cerro del Aripo, the country's highest peak. Much of the rest of the island is given to plains, undulating hills and mangrove swamps. Trinidad's numerous rivers include the Ortoire River, which runs 50km (31mi) on its way to the southeast coast, and the 40km (25mi) Caroni River, which empties into the Caroni Swamp.  The island of Tobago, 20km (12mi) northeast of Trinidad, has a central mountain range that reaches 620m (2034ft) at its highest point. Deep fertile valleys run from the ridge down towards the coast, which is indented with bays and sandy beaches.   Because of its proximity to the South American continent, Trinidad and Tobago has a wide variety of plant and animal life. There are more than 400 species of birds, 600 species of butterflies, 50 kinds of reptiles and 100 types of mammals, including red howler monkeys, anteaters, agouti and armadillos. Tobago has fewer species than Trinidad but parrots and other bright tropical birds are nonetheless abundant in the mountainous interior. You can commonly spot pelicans, osprey and frigatebirds along Tobago's coast. Both islands have luxuriant rainforests.  Because of Trinidad's southerly location, temperatures are equable year round. The average daily high temperature in Port of Spain is 31 C (88 F) in both January and July, while the low averages 22 C (72 F) in July and is only one degree cooler in January. February to May are the driest months, with a relative humidity of 74%. June to August, the wettest months, average 260mm (10in) of rain and 23 rainy days each month. Trinidad and Tobago are outside the hurricane belt.  