 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: US citizens do not require visas or passports. Canadians need only bring a photo ID. Citizens of many Western European countries, Australia, New Zealand and Japan can take advantage of a US reciprocal visa waiver program if they intend to stay less than 90 days. Citizens of all other countries require a US visa.Health risks: Sunburn, small risk of hepatitis and bilharzia, being subject to repeated explosions over 190 decibels near the Vieques military training facilityTime: Eastern Time (GMT/UTC minus four hours)Electricity: 110V, 60HzWeights & measures: Mostly metric but some ImperialTelephone: From North America, dial 1 + 787 + the seven-digit local number. From elsewhere, dial your country's international direct dialing prefix + 1 + 787 + the seven-digit local number. When to Go  The peak tourist season is between December and April, but this has more to do with the climate in North America than anything else. During these months the island is swamped by visitors, prices are highest and accommodations can be hard to find. The best time to avoid the crowds is during the official hurricane season (May through November). Although hurricanes are rare, they're able to do more than put a dampener on your holiday. Definitely keep an eye on weather reports if you're in Puerto Rico at this time. If you intend to travel inland bring a sweater for the evenings regardless of when you visit - it's much cooler in them thar hills.     Events  Every Puerto Rican town celebrates its saint's day, often with a mixture of pagan and Catholic iconography and Indian, African and Spanish traditions. There are solemn religious aspects and plenty of feasting, music, dancing and colorful costumed processions. One of the best is the Festival of St John the Baptist in San Juan in late June, which wonderfully fuses the religious and the secular. The highlight of the parade is a communal luck-enhancing midnight walk backwards into the sea. Worth a detour are Mayag ez's twinkling La Virgen de la Candelaria in early February and Lo za's jubilant St James Festival, which takes place late July and celebrates the town's multicultural heritage.  Old San Juan takes to the streets during the Saint Sebastian Street Festival in the third week in January. Ponce, where revellers dress up in horned masks for dancing and parades, is the best place to celebrate Carnival in February. In June San Juan's Casals Festival honors the famous cellist who came to call Puerto Rico home. It attracts classical musicians of international repute and is one of the Caribbean's major cultural events. Puerto Ricans get baseball fever when the season starts in November, reaching its climax in February.   Las Navidades between 15 December and 6 January is the peak period of socializing and religious observation, though many of the celebrations take place at family homes. Not so the riotous Festival of Innocents in Hatillo on 28 December, when masked and costumed participants chase kids through the streets in memory of Herod's bid to wipeout baby Jesus. Look out for parrandas, wandering bands of minstrels and revelers, around Christmas time.    