 Environment  The islands of the Eastern Caribbean trace a graceful arc from just off Puerto Rico down to almost the northeastern tip of Venezuala. St Martin sits second from the top of the arc, just to the west of Anguilla and within easy distance of Saba, Statia and St Barts.  St Martin occupies the northern half of its island home, while the Netherlands' Sint Maarten (same name, Dutch spelling) makes up the remaining southern section. This curious arrangement gives the island the honour of being the smallest area of land to be shared by two countries. Legend has it that the land was divided by having a Dutchman and Frenchman stand back to back at one end of the island and then walk in opposite directions around the coastline. The boundary line was supposedly established at the end of the day where they finally met. The Frenchman (refreshing himself with, appropriately enough, French wine) apparently walked much faster than the Dutchman (who quaffed his homeland's more potent gin). Consequently, the French portion of the island ended up being the larger one, although Sint Maarten is said to have received the better land.  In somewhat of a contradiction in terms, St Martin is largely green, but dry. Its topography encompasses bays, coves and coastal flats pocketed with salt ponds. The interior is hilly, with the island's highest point Pic Paradise rising up a cool 424m (1390ft). The west side of the island is dominated by Simpson Bay Lagoon, one of the largest landlocked bodies of water in the Caribbean.  St Martin is a bird-spotter's paradise - make sure you pack your binoculars. Herons, egrets, stilts, pelicans, laughing gulls and other shorebirds are plentiful in the island's brackish ponds. Frigatebirds can be spotted along the coastline, hummingbirds and bright yellow-bellied bananquits are common in gardens, and there are colourful woodland birds in the hills. St Martin is also a lizard lounge in the truest sense - look out for the scaly-skinned reptiles sunning themselves on walkways and other warm areas.  Lying almost exactly halfway between the equator and the tropic of Cancer, the entire Eastern Caribbean has near-equable temperatures year round. North-lying St Martin is thus hot and humid most of the time, but tradewinds blowing from the northeast temper the humidity, especially from January to April. Temperatures in the first half of the year usually hang around a balmy 28 C (83 F). It is driest between February and April, with most rain falling between August and November. The hurricane season for the region is June to November - the same as for the USA - with most activity occuring in August and September. Despite some billion-dollar hurricane damage in the recent past, on average only five hurricanes a year blow through the Eastern Caribbean, and severe ones hit even less frequently.  