 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Visitors from the USA, Canada and the UK may enter the country for stays of less than six months with either a valid passport or a birth certificate with a raised seal and a photo ID. Most other visitors, including citizens of Australia, New Zealand and Western European countries, must have passports but do not need visas. Officially all visitors need a round-trip or onward ticket.Health Risks: Sunburn, diarrhea and intestinal parasitesTime: GMT/UTC minus four hoursElectricity: Most hotels operate on 110V AC, 60 Hz, though some places use 220V.Weights & measures: ImperialTelephoning: From North America, dial 1 + 268 + the seven-digit local number. From elsewhere, dial your country's international direct dialing prefix + 1 + 268 + the seven-digit local number. When to Go  Antigua and Barbuda are best visited during the cool and dry winter months (mid-December to mid-April), the peak tourist season. In January and February, the coolest months, the average daily high temperature is 81 F (27 C).  The islands get even hotter in the summer. In July and August, the warmest months, the average daily high is 86 F (30 C). It's less dry in the autumn (September to November), during the rainy season, though Antigua's fairly dry year-round.     Events  Antigua's Sailing Week is a major week-long yachting event that begins on the last Sunday in April, attracting about 150 boats. In addition to a series of five races, there are rum parties and a formal ball, with most activities taking place at Nelson's Dockyard and Falmouth Harbour. In June, Barbuda has a celebration of its own called Caribara.   Carnival, Antigua's big annual festival, is held from the end of July and culminates in a parade on the first Tuesday in August. Most Carnival activity takes place in St John's. Calypso music, steel bands, masqueraders, floats and street 'jump-ups' are all part of the celebrations. If you have enough energy by the last day to be up and dancing in the streets at 4am you can jump up during J'Overt, the climax of Carnival. The other major musical event is the annual Antiguan Jazz Festival, which takes place in October.    