 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: If arriving at Juliana Airport (where most flights to the island land) in Sint Maarten: US & Canadian citizens can stay up to three months. Others need a valid passport. If entering on the French side: EU citizens need an official identity card, valid passport or French carte de sejour (visitor card); US & Canadian nationals can stay up to two weeks (maximum three months, on request) without a passport if they have the same documentation required for the Dutch side. Citizens of most other countries need both a valid passport and a visa for France.Health risks: Sunburn, infections, diarrhoea, intestinal parasitesTime: GMT/UTC-4Electricity: 220V (50Hz)Weights & measurements: Metric When to Go  St Martin, along with the rest of the Eastern Caribbean, is the land of perpetual summer, and there is really no time when you can't comfortably laze around on the beach. There are a bunch of factors that might sway you towards one season or another, however. 'Snow birds' escaping cold European and North American winters make mid-December to mid-April the busiest season. If you don't mind a few crowds and paying a premium for just about everything, this is a great time to visit St Martin.  A cheaper and less crowded proposition is to travel in the low season (summer) - mid-April to mid-December. Tradewinds aren't so prevalent at this time though, so while your pockets might be heavier and the beaches emptier, you may find yourself a little hotter and sweatier. Summer is also the hurricane season, although the odds of encountering one are not much higher than they would be along the east coast of the USA.  As always, the shoulder season offers a good compromise, with November and early December a pleasant time to visit. Many hotels will have taken a late-summer break to spruce up, so their rooms will be at their pre-season finest, the crowds will be just beginning to show and the prices will still be agreeably low.     Events  The French pre-Lenten Carnival, although not as large as Dutch Sint Maarten's, is held with gusto and ceremony. Taking place in the five days before Ash Wednesday in Feb/March, the festivities feature the crowning of a Carnival Queen, costume parades, dancing and music. Naturally, July's Bastille Day is celebrated with typical Gallic fervour, and features a parade, sporting events and fireworks. November's Concordia Day, named 'Sint Maarten Day' by the more proprietary Dutch, marks the amicable coexistence of the two countries, but the sombre ceremony has less appeal to travellers than Carnival. Come March, the annual Heineken Regatta sees a multitude of boats out on the water, while in June fishers fall hook, line and sinker for the Marlin Open de St Martin invitational tournament.   Public Holidays 1 January - New Year's Day March/April - Good Friday March/April - Easter Sunday March/April - Easter Monday 1 May - Labor Day 40th day after Easter - Ascension Thursday 8th Monday after Easter - Pentecost Monday 14 July - Bastille Day 15 August - Assumption Day 11 November - Concordia Day 25 December - Christmas Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to Saint MartinTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services