 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Citizens of the USA, Canada, and most European Commonwealth countries do not require visas. Visas are required by citizens of some countries, including Australia, New Zealand, India and Sri Lanka. In most countries, visas are obtained through the British Embassy.Health risks: Dengue fever; a vaccination certificate for yellow fever is required for travelers who have been in any country in the past six months where yellow fever is endemic (eg many South American countries)Time: GMT/UTC minus 4 hoursElectricity: 110V and 220V, 60 HzWeights & measures: MetricTelephoning: From North America, dial 1 + 868 + the seven-digit local number. From elsewhere, dial your country's international direct dialing prefix + 1 + 868 + the seven-digit local number. When to Go  Carnival, two days before Ash Wednesday in either February or March, is the best reason to go to Trinidad. However, if you can live without the big party, you'll enjoy steeply discounted hotel prices and cheaper airfares by visiting in the low season from mid-April to mid-December. During this period, the beaches are less crowded, tourist areas are more relaxed and last-minute bookings are not a problem.     Events  Trinidad's Carnival is the king of all Caribbean Carnivals and many Trinidadians prepare for it with obsessive devotion. From New Year's Day onwards, activities start swinging into full gear, culminating on Carnival Monday, two days before Ash Wednesday, which usually falls sometime in February or March. It all kicks off with a pre-dawn procession into the heart of the city as tens of thousands of revelers from around the world are invited to become part of the swell, and by nightfall everyone is dancing, drinking and carousing in the streets. On Carnival Tuesday, there are competitions for Band of the Year. Most of the larger events take place at the Queen's Park Savannah in the center of Port of Spain.  The Pan Jazz Festival, held in November, brings together pan drummers and jazz musicians for three days of concerts in Trinidad. There are also numerous East Indian festivals that are based on the lunar calendar; the biggest is Divali, which usually falls in November.  Tobago's Heritage Festival consists of two weeks of traditional-style festivities that begin in late July. For something quintessentially local, there's the big goat race in Tobago's Buccoo village on the Monday and Tuesday after Easter.    