 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Visas are generally not required on Cura ao. US and Canadian citizens can visit with proof of citizenship, such as a birth certificate and picture ID. All other travelers need a valid passport. A roundtrip or onward ticket is required.Health risks: Sunburn, fire coral, sea urchins, jellyfish, dehydrationTime: GMT/UTC minus 4 hoursElectricity: 110-130V, 50HzWeights & measures: Mostly metricTelephoning: Country code 599; area code 9 When to Go  Temperature is not an issue when planning a trip to sunny, dry Cura ao, since the average year-round daily high is 82 F (28 C) and constant trade winds keep humidity low. If rain falls, it's usually in November or December. The island lies below the hurricane belt, so there's usually no need to worry about being blown away while on vacation. If you're planning on diving, the most popular sites are at their calmest between September and December. If partying is more your scene, Carnival (February) is a great time to visit, but book early and expect higher prices.  As with most of the Caribbean, the peak tourist season is between December and April, but this has more to do with the weather in North America and Europe than it does with the weather on Cura ao. It's therefore best to visit outside this period, when tourists are thin on the ground and room rates tend to be 30-50% less than those charged during the busier months.     Events   Carnival is Cura ao's biggest event, held every February before Lent. People dressed in wild outfits gather in the Otrobanda district of Willemstad and then shake their way through the streets for three leg-jellying days, stopping here and there to eat, drink and dance to the music of hundreds of competing bands. On Easter Monday the Great Se March celebrates traditional culture in song, dance and costume. Cura ao's long-standing Caribbean Jazz Fest, held for two days every October, is a slightly mellower event that brings international jazz musicians to Willemstad.  Cura aons do celebrate Christmas, but the big gift-giving day is Sint Nicolaas Day on 6 December. Sint Nicolaas is a Dutch Santa Claus figure who arrives in Willemstad's St Anna Bay in late November in a boat laden with candy and gifts for the kiddies. On the eve of Sint Nicolaas Day, children leave a bucket of water and a shoe plugged with hay and carrots for the horse-borne saint. Well-behaved littlies wake up to find their shoes filled with goodies.  In late December, there's a chaotic end of year regatta shmatta from St Barbara to St Anna Bay on Cura ao's southern coast. Competitors can enter with any sort of sailing craft, meaning wily windsurfers try to outgun sleek ocean-going sailboats.   Public Holidays1 January - New Year's DayEaster Holidays - Good Friday, Easter Monday30 April - Queen's Birthday1 May - Labor Day2 July - Flag Day24 December - Christmas Eve (half holiday)25 December - Christmas Day26 December - Boxing Day31 December - New Year's Eve (half holiday)back to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementGuides to Cura aoTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services