 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: The Kazakstanis change visa rules more often than a nanny changes nappies so any information should be double checked with your travel agency. Basically the only sure-fire way of getting in and out of the country is by arranging an invitation, or 'visa support', from the Kazakstani police department or a resident, or by pre-paying all accommodation costs, flights and tourist bookings. The 72-hour transit visa, which allowed you into the country for that amount of time if you had a Russian visa, has been temporarily revoked and the happy-go-lucky days of yesterday when you could pick up a visa at the airport (albeit at ransomely-inflated prices) are gone. Just to increase the degree of difficulty in this transaction, most overseas embassies or consulates that used to issue Kazakstan visas no longer do and even getting one from a Russian embassy in a country without Kazakstan representation is a hit-and-miss affair. If you plan to cross overland from China,you may get a Kazak visa in Beijing and there's also a small Kazak embassy in Islamabad.Time: There are three time zones: GMT/UTC plus 4, 5 and 6 hoursElectricity: 220V, 50 Hz, using European two-pin plugs (round pins, no earth connection). Bring a torch!Health risks: Hepatitis A & E, cholera, diptheria & undulant fever. Play it safe and don't drink the water even if locals say it's OK to drink.Weights & measures:Metric When to Go  As summers are ferociously hot and winters bitterly cold, spring (April to June) and autumn (September to November) are the best seasons to visit Kazakstan. In April, the desert blooms briefly and the monotonous ochre landscapes explode in reds, oranges and yellows. Autumn is harvest time, when market tables heave with freshly picked fruit. If you do decide to battle the winter, be aware that many domestic flights are grounded and finding food can be a problem since lots of eateries close for the season.     Events   Kazakstan isn't really known for its splashy mardi gras. Public holidays include two for New Year's Day (1 January and either 31 December or 2 January), Kazakstan Constitution Day (28 January), International Women's Day (8 March), Labour Day (1 May), Victory Day (a commemoration of the end of WWII for Russia on 9 May 1945), Republic Day (25 October) and Independence Day (16 December).   The spring festival of Nauryz ('New Days') is by far the biggest holiday. It's an Islamic adaptation of pre-Islamic vernal equinox or renewal celebrations and can include traditional games, music and drama festivals, street art and colourful fairs. Medeu, outside Almaty, hosts the Voice of Asia rock festival in August, when bands from all over the CIS and Asia dribble on the drum riser.   Important Muslim holy days, scheduled according to the lunar calendar, include Ramadan, the month of sunrise-to-sunset fasting; Eid-ul-Fitr, the celebrations marking the end of Ramadan; and Eid-ul-Azha, the feast of sacrifice, when those who can afford to, slaughter an animal and share it with relatives and the poor.    