 Environment  Uzbekistan borders Turkmenistan in the west, Kazakstan in the north and east, and Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and a sliver of Afghanistan in the south. It's a flat, monotonous country about the same size as Sweden - over two-thirds of it, mostly in the west, is steppe and desert. The only relief is the delta where the Amu-Darya empties into what remains of the Aral Sea. In the east, however, Uzbekistan tilts upward towards the mountains of its neighbours, and this is where the country's life-giving rivers rise. Central Asia's greatest waterway, the Amu-Darya, forms much of the border with Turkmenistan and Afghanistan. The richest farmland (and, therefore, the bulk of the population) is nestled in gaps in the mountains, on the alluvial planes at their feet, and along the country's three big rivers.  To describe Uzbekistan as an environmental planning disaster would be understating things. Several programmes put in place in the Soviet era are still wreaking havoc on the country. In the 1960s, Soviet planners set out to increase Uzbekistan's cotton production through a system of vastly increased irrigation, which meant tapping the rivers flowing into the Aral Sea, in the north of the country. As a result, the sea has lost 75% of its volume and its area has reduced by half. The area's fishing industry has been destroyed, the climate has been perverted (there are four times as many rainless days as there were in the 1950s) and the resulting salination of soil and water as well as chemical residues from cotton farming have caused serious health problems in the population. Native flora and fauna have also been devastated. Irrigation projects in the steppes of Uzbekistan have also degraded the soil, polluted the water, and caused large-scale erosion, aridity and salinity.  Temperatures in Uzbekistan vary wildly, with 20 C (68 F) drops at night and dramatic differences between the deserts and mountains. Rain is minimal except at higher altitudes - what there is falls mainly from March to April and October to November, turning everything to mud. The lowlands can be quite pleasant from May to early June and September to early October. Midsummer is insane, with temperatures up to 40 C (104 F) in Tashkent, and 50 C (122 F) in southern Uzbekistan. In winter (January to February), daytime temperatures hover around -5 C to 10 C (23 F to 50 F).  