 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Every visitor to Uzbekistan needs a visa, and you will need an invitation from an Uzbek citizen, firm or organisation approved by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, or from an accredited Uzbek travel agent.Health risks: Hepatitis A & E, diphtheria & undulant fever. Play it safe and don't drink the water even if locals say it's OK to drink.Time:GMT/UTC plus 5 hoursElectricity: 220V, 50HzWeights & measures:Metric When to Go  Spring (April to June) and autumn (September through October) are, generally speaking, the most pleasant times to travel. The weather is mild and in April the desert blooms briefly. In autumn it's harvest time, and the markets are full of fresh fruit. If you're interested in trekking the mountains, summer (July and August) is a better time to visit; at all other times the weather is unpredictable and there can be snow in the passes.     Events  By far the biggest Central Asian holiday is the spring festival of Navrus (New Days), an Islamic adaptation of pre-Islamic vernal equinox or renewal celebrations, celebrated approximately on the vernal equinox (21 March). It's a two day affair consisting of traditional games, music, drama festivals, street art and colourful fairs, and one of the best places to get in on the fun is Samarkand. Ramadan, the month of sunrise-to-sunset fasting, is observed with little fanfare in most of Uzbekistan, and travellers will still find plenty of food available. Qurban, the Feast of Sacrifice, is celebrated with the slaughter of animals and the sharing of meat with relatives and the poor.  In May of even-numbered years, Tashkent hosts a film festival which features celluloid style from Africa, Asia and Latin America. Samarkand hosts the Children's Peace & Disarmament Festival every 23 October - celebrations revolve around the International Museum of Peace & Solidarity, a remarkable collection of memorabilia. The Nukus' Pakhta-Bairam harvest festival, held in Karakalpak in December, is one of the few places in the world where you'll see a game of ylaq oyyny. In this Central Asian form of polo, players hit a goat carcass around the field - Prince Charles would fit right in. If that gets the adrenalin flowing, you can also check out wrestling, ram fighting and cock fighting.    