 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Every visitor to Turkmenistan needs to obtain a visa and a letter of invitation before turning up at the border. Failure to have such a letter, or at the very least, a personal statement with an itinerary, is likely to mean that your experience of Turkmenistan will be limited to what you can see as you fly straight back out of there.Health risks: Hepatitis A & E, diphtheria, tuberculosis & undulant fever. Don't drink the water even if locals say it's OK to drink.Time:GMT/UTC plus 5 hoursElectricity:220V, 50 Hz, using European two-pin plugs (round pins, no earth connection). Bring a torch.Weights & measures:Metric When to Go  As summers are ferociously hot and winters bitterly cold, spring (April to June) and autumn (September to November) are the best seasons to visit Turkmenistan. In April the desert blooms briefly and the monotonous ochre landscapes explode in reds, oranges and yellows. Autumn is harvest time, when market tables heave with freshly picked fruit. If you do decide to battle the winter, be aware that many domestic flights are grounded and finding food can be a problem since lots of eateries close for the season.     Events  Turkmenistan isn't known for its jolly street parades. Public holidays include New Year's Day (1 January), Remembrance Day (anniversary of a 1948 earthquake on 12 January), National Flag Day (19 February), International Women's Day 8 March), Labour Day (1 May), Victory Day (a commemoration of the end of WWII for Russia on 9 May 1945) and Independence Day (27 October).  The spring festival of Nauryz ('New Days') is one of Turkmenistan's biggest holidays. It's an Islamic adaptation of pre-Islamic vernal equinox or renewal celebrations and can include traditional games, music and drama festivals, street art and colourful fairs. Important Muslim holy days, scheduled according to the lunar calendar, include Ramadan, the month of sunrise to sunset fasting; Eid-ul-Fitr, the celebrations marking the end of Ramadan; and Eid-ul-Azha, the feast of sacrifice, when those who can afford to, slaughter an animal and share it with relatives and the poor.    