 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Many Kyrgyz embassies now issue visas without letters of support. If you arrive with only a Russian or Kazak visa, you can stay 72 hours, during which time you might be able to get a Kyrgyz visa in Bishkek. All foreigners staying in the country for more than three days are expected to register with the Office of Visas & Regulations, preferably in Bishkek. A stamp from Bishkek is good for the whole country and normally lasts a month.Time: GMT/UTC plus 5 hoursElectricity: 220V, 50Hz. Bring a torch.Health risks: Hepatitis A & E, diphtheria, undulant fever, altitude sickness, and tuberculosis. Play it safe and don't drink the water even if locals say it's OK to drink.Weights & measures: Metric When to Go  At lower elevations, spring and autumn are probably the best seasons to visit weather-wise - in particular April to early June and September through October. In spring, the desert blooms briefly, while autumn is harvest time when the markets fill with fresh produce.  Summer is ferociously hot in the lowlands, but July and August are the best months to visit the mountains. Cold rains begin in November and snow soon closes mountain passes. The ski season at the Upper Ala-Archa Mountain Ski Base lasts from December to April. Note that winters are bitterly cold, even in the desert, and finding food can be a problem since lots of eateries close for the season. Many domestic flights are also grounded in winter.     Events  Kyrgyzstan isn't exactly full of festivals. Public holidays include Constitution Day (5 May), a commemoration of the end of WWII on Victory Day (9 May), Armed Forces Day (29 May) and Kyrgyzstan Independence Day (31 August). The spring festival of Navrus ('New Days') is an Islamic adaptation of pre-Islamic vernal equinox or renewal celebrations. It can include traditional games, music and drama festivals, street art and colourful fairs. Important Muslim holy days, scheduled according to the lunar calendar, include Ramadan, the month of sunrise to sunset fasting; Eid-ul-Fitr (or Orozo Ait), the celebrations marking the end of Ramadan; and Eid-ul-Azha, the feast of sacrifice, when those who can afford to, slaughter an animal and share it with relatives and the poor.    