 Off the Beaten Track  They're known locally as Bam-i-Dunya (the Roof of the World) and once you're in the Pamirs, it's not hard to see why. They are the node from which several of the world's highest ranges radiate, including the Karakoram and Himalaya to the south, the Hindu Kush to the west, and the Tian Shan straddling the Kyrgyz-Chinese border. A network of high, wide valleys nestles amongst the 7000m (23,000ft) plus peaks, but for the most part the Pamirs are too high for human settlement. Instead the slopes and valleys are inhabited by hardier creatures such as the Marco Polo sheep, the elusive snow leopard and the even more elusive 'giant snowman'.  The Pamiris who inhabit the high altitude valleys speak a multitude of Pamiri dialects and are Ismailis, a breakaway sect of Shia Islam. They have no mosques, no clerics and no weekly holy day. The spiritual leader of the Ismailis is the Aga Khan, a Swiss-born businessman and horsebreeder revered by the Pamiris as a living god. It's the Aga Khan's charity that currently provisions the area, keeping starvation at bay, since the Pamiris backed the losing side in the civil war and haven't exactly been inundated with government aid.  Not having two potatoes to fry together has done nothing to lessen the hospitality of the Pamiris, whose natural inclination is to share. Since travel in the Pamir region is beset with obstacles - such as the absolute dearth of transport and food - you will no doubt experience this hospitality during your visit. There are plenty of isolated farmsteads along the mountain routes and these operate as rough-and-ready guesthouses. You can expect to be offered floor space, a pungent sheep-skin blanket and a hot bowl of sher chay, tea with goat's milk, salt and butter. To avoid the acute discomfort of discovering that your host has just slaughtered the last family chicken in your honour, bring all your own provisions into the area since there are no shops or eating houses in the Pamirs.  The main town in the region is Khorog (pop 22,000), the capital of the autonomous region of Gorno-Badahkshan. It lies 2000m (6560ft) above sea level, strung out irregularly along the slopes of the dashing Gunt river. The flight from Dushanbe to Khorog is one of the most exhilarating (and terrifying, depending on your confidence in Tajik pilots) you'll ever have the (mis)fortune to make. For most of the 45-minute flight the aircraft scoots along mountain valleys, flying in the shadow of rockfaces with its wingtips so close you could swear they were kicking up flurries of snow. If you get nervous, console yourself with the knowledge that only one plane has failed to make the trip in recent years - and that was shot down by rocket fire from Afghanistan.  