 Attractions  This booming city was founded in 1854 as a Russian frontier fort when the Kazaks were still nomads and was capital of Kazakhstan until late 1997. Almaty has become a honeypot to Kazakhstanis and a mixed bunch of foreign traders, diplomats and financiers jockeying for position in the race to carve up Kazakhstan's mineral resources. Sudden exposure to the outside world turned this provincial outpost into Central Asia's most cosmopolitan city with shops, restaurants, hotels and casinos that would make the place unrecognisable to anyone who had been away since 1990. But now that the government has moved the capital to the northern city of Astana (previously known as Aqmola), Almaty's future is uncertain. Almaty is closer to the heart of the Russian railway network and farther from national borders and conflicts in Tajikistan and Afghanistan.   Almaty is clean (apart from its air) and easy on the eye, with long straight avenues and low-rise uniform architecture bearing the unmistakable imprint of Russia. The Zailiysky Alatau mountains rise like a wall along Almaty's southern fringe and form a superb backdrop when weather and smog permit. There are lots of parks, space and greenery, and many of the Soviet-era buildings are striking if you look at them individually. That said, there's not a great deal to do in Almaty, which is why, for many travellers, it is little more than a way-station.   Highlights include Panfilov Park, a pleasant rectangle of greenery surrounding the bright Zenkov Cathedral. The cathedral is one of the few tzarist-era buildings to survive the 1911 earthquake, despite the fact that it is built entirely of wood and constructed without nails. Facing the west end of the park is the elaborate Arasan Baths, where you can take your salami and vodka and contemplate the differences between Turkish, Russian and Finnish bathing habits. The Central State Museum provides a worthwhile, if patchy, introduction to Kazakhstan's history and includes a miniature replica of the country's chief archaeological treasure, the Golden Man - a warrior's costume made from 4000 gold pieces, many finely decorated with animal motifs.  