 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Visas are not issued at the airport, nor at Tajikistan's border crossings. Border controls are rare but there are frequent internal checkpoints, and if you intend moving outside Dushanbe you must have impeccable documents. You can currently get visas at Tajik consulates in Moscow and Bonn. If you do arrive in Tajikistan without a visa, the immigration department of the Foreign Ministry in Dushanbe may give you one. Note that every Tajik town that you intend visiting or passing through should be listed on your visa. As a result of border tensions and smuggling, the army and militia do not appreciate the presence of foreigners, and if officials are not completely satisfied with your papers you will probably be deported.Time: GMT/UTC plus 5 hoursElectricity: 220V, 50 Hz using European two-pin plugs (round pins, no earth connection). Bring a torch.Health risks: Hepatitis A & E, altitude sickness, cholera, diphtheria, typhoid, undulant fever, and a slight risk of malaria in the south. Don't drink the water, even if the locals say it's OK to drink.Weights & measures: Metric When to Go  As summers are ferociously hot and winters bitterly cold, spring (April to June) and autumn (September to November) are the best seasons to visit Tajikistan. If you do decide to battle the winter, be aware that many domestic flights are grounded and finding food can be a problem since lots of eateries close for the season.     Events  Most Tajiks have more on their mind than splashy partying. Public holidays include New Year's Day (January 1), International Women's Day (March 8), Labour Day (May 1) and Victory Day (a commemoration of the end of WWII for Russia on May 9, 1945).  The spring festival of Nauryz ('New Days') is by far the biggest holiday. It's an Islamic adaptation of pre-Islamic vernal equinox or renewal celebrations and can include traditional games, music and drama festivals, street art and colourful fairs. Important Muslim holy days, scheduled according to the lunar calendar, include Ramadan, the month of sunrise-to-sunset fasting; Eid-ul-Fitr, the celebrations marking the end of Ramadan; and Eid-ul-Azha, the feast of sacrifice, when those who can afford to, slaughter an animal and share it with relatives and the poor.    