 When to Go  It shouldn't come as a shock to learn that when the weather is at its warmest and the days at their longest (July and August), the crowds throng, prices soar and accommodation is tough to come by. The flip side is no crowds in winter, but short, bleak, cold days and many attractions closed as locals hibernate. If you're after the chance of good weather but hope to avoid crowds, try June or September. If you want to celebrate with the locals, plan to arrive just before St Patrick's Day (March 17), but be sure to book in advance.  Dublin's maximum temperature in July and August ranges from 15-20 C (60-70 F), so it's always wise to have a sweater or light coat. During January and February, the coldest months, daily temperatures range from 4-8 C (40-47 F). Major snowfalls are rare. There are about 18 hours of daylight in July and August; it's only truly dark after about 11pm. Despite being one of the driest parts of Ireland, Dublin gets rain on 150 days in a typical year and it often rains every day for weeks. There's much local terminology and humour about the rain - a `soft day', for instance, is a damp one. Bring an umbrella.     Events  There are two big events in Dublin each year that capture the imaginations of all who attend. St Patrick's Day is a celebration of traditional Irish culture highlighted by a parade through Dublin and a large ceilidh on St Stephen's Green that attracts thousands of revellers intent on dancing the day away. A more modern (or, rather, Modernist) celebration occurs on June 16 each year. Bloomsday celebrates the masterwork of James Joyce, a Dubliner, exile and perhaps the greatest writer of the 20th century. The events of Joyce's novel Ulysses are set on this day, and literary buffs can spend the day retracing the steps of Leopold Bloom, the book's protagonist. If you can get beyond the breakfast of kidneys, you'll be able to handle anything else the almost indecipherable book throws your way. And after a few pints, you might be feeling a bit 'stream of consciousness' by the end of the day as well.  Throughout the rest of the year, Dublin keeps jumping with a variety of musical, sporting and cultural events. March sees the Dublin Film Festival, while October hosts the Dublin Theatre Festival. Sports fans can gather at Croke Park in September for the All Ireland finals of both Hurling and Gaelic Football. If music is your bent, any time is a good time to be in Dublin, but both the Howth Jazz Festival (Easter Monday) and the Temple Bar Blues Festival (July) are well worth your time.   Public holidays 1 January - New Year's Day 17 March - St Patrick's Day March/April - Good Friday March/April - Easter Monday 1 May - May Day Holiday first Monday in June - June Holiday first Monday in August - August Holiday last Monday in October - October Holiday 25 December - Christmas Day 26 December - St Stephen's Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to DublinTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services