 When to Go  Copenhagen enjoys a consistently mild climate for most of the year, with average temperatures usually in the range of 9 C (48 F) to 15 C (59 F); though, in winter the shorter daylight hours, the cold and the seasonal closure of many of the city's tourist attractions combine to dull the glow on travellers' cheeks. From May to June, green is the predominant colour of Copenhagen's rural surrounds, temperatures are nice and warm, and the peak tourist season is still a month away, making this an ideal time to visit. Nonetheless, the peak season of July/August is a great time to be in Copenhagen - open-air concerts, music festivals, lots of street activity and longer hours at sightseeing attractions make it worth braving the crowds. Unfortunately, rain and grey skies will be your faithful companions in Copenhagen, since precipitation is spread fairly evenly throughout the year.     Events  The Night Film Festival takes place over 10 days in March, and features around 140 international films in their original languages. The three-day Copenhagen Carnival is held over the Whitsunday weekend (usually late May), filling the streets of the city centre with parades, samba dancing and other organised festivities. Beach bonfires are lit up all around the country on Midsummer Eve (23 June), while those who enjoy a good flaring of the nostrils should head for Klampenborg just to the north of Copenhagen for Denmark's most important horse race, the Danish Derby. The Copenhagen Jazz Festival gets toes a-tappin' over 10 days in early July, but if chamber or classical music is more your thang, hang out for the Summer Festival later that month.  In late August and early September the Danish capital plays host to the Golden Days Festival, with art exhibits, poetry readings and theatre focusing on Denmark's 'Golden Age' (1800-50). Christmas is a big celebratory deal around the country and it'll be hard to escape the numerous feel-good community fairs no matter where you are.   Public Holidays 1 January - New Year's Day Thursday before Easter - Maundy Thursday Friday before Easter - Good Friday Sunday in March/April - Easter Day day after Easter - Easter Monday fourth Friday after Easter - Common Prayer Day sixth Thursday after Easter - Ascension Day seventh Sunday after Easter - Whitsunday eight Monday after Easter - Whitmonday 5 June - Constitution Day 24 December - Christmas Eve 25 DEcember - Christmas Day 26 December - Boxing Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to CopenhagenTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services