 Environment  With the exception of Armenia, Moldova is the smallest of the former Soviet Republics but one of the most populated. At about twice the size of Hawaii it's a small area of land, roughly triangular in shape, cut from the larger cloths of Romania and Ukraine. Romania lies to the west of Moldova, and Ukraine closes around it on its northern, southern and eastern borders, effectively creating a landlocked republic although at its southernmost point it's only 100km (62mi) from the Black Sea. The two most significant geographical features are the Prut and the Dniestr Rivers, which not only form natural borders between Romania and Ukraine respectively but also provide one of Moldova's most precious resources, rich and fertile soil. The landscape is mostly flat steppe, or gentle rolling hills, with a few forested areas to provide visual relief.  It's still possible to see wild boars, badgers, foxes, wolves and various kinds of deer in the steppe, but Moldova is too small and too populated to support much in the way of wildlife. Large tracts of wilderness have been swallowed up by sprawling vineyards and cultivated fields that, in the summer months, turn into bright carpets of sunflowers. It's a Kodak moment just waiting to happen, particularly with the fruit orchards and whitewashed villages in the background, but this pretty-as-a-postcard Moldova hides a less attractive reality. During three decades of Soviet industrial expansion the environment was the biggest loser, and Moldova is now reaping what it sowed. The indiscriminate use of chemical fertilisers and pesticides has led to dangerously high levels of soil toxicity, while over-clearing, deforestation and failure to protect the natural fauna has led to a drastic reduction in biodiversity. Since the early 1990s Moldova has participated in a number of initiatives to protect the environment and rectify some of its worst excesses.  Moldova is often classified as having a temperate climate similar to that of Western Europe. The warm season lasts for well over three-quarters of the year and the sun shines on average once every second day. Despite this, it's still not quite the Bahamas. The average temperature hovers around a rather chilly 10 C (50 F) and in the winter months regularly slips a few notches below zero.  