 When to Go  Spring and late autumn are the best times to visit Athens. The weather is pleasantly warm, making it ideal for exploring the city on foot. Fewer tourists means less crowded sites and museums and cheaper, more plentiful hotel rooms. Winter isn't a bad time to visit, the occasional rainy day notwithstanding. Visitors in this season will discover a different city as Athenians retreat indoors; accommodation is also at its cheapest. Summer is probably the worst time to visit, particularly in July and August. The temperature can hover around 40 C (100+ F) for days on end and it's too hot to do anything after 10am. Hordes of tourists and expensive, hard-to-find hotel rooms compound things. Athenians know what to do: they abandon the city en masse in August.     Events  The Greek year is a succession of festivals and events, some of which are religioius, some cultural, others an excuse for a good knees-up, and some a combination of all three. For three weeks before the beginning of Lent, Carnival in Athens celebrates with festivities involving eating, drinking and all-round merrymaking. Easter is the most significant festival in the Greek Orthodox calendar. The candlelit procession climbing Lykavittos Hill to the Chapel of Agios Georgos is a truly impressive sight.  Cultural events rapidly roll in come summertime. Greek folk dances are performed from mid-May to September, and a nightly son et lumiere runs from April to October. But the city's biggest event is the Athen's Festival, from mid-June to the end of August. Ancient Greek drama is performed at the Theatre of Herodes Atticus - a superb setting backed by the floodlit Acropolis. Plays run at other venues as well, and there are various classical music concerts and dance performances during the fest.   Public holidays 1 January - New Year's Day 6 January - Epiphany February - First Sunday in Lent 25 March - Greek Independence Day March/April - Good Friday March/April - (Orthodox) Easter Sunday 1 May - Spring Festival/Labour Day 15 August - Feast of the Assumption 28 October - Ohi Day 25 December - Christmas Day 26 December - St Stephen's Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to AthensTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services