 Activities  Corsica is a walker's paradise. The island is criss-crossed with paths leading from coast to coast and into otherwise inaccessible mountain redoubts. Walking options offer something for all tastes, all levels of ambition and all abilities, ranging from challenging two- or three-week hikes to easy afternoon strolls. The 200km (124mi) GR20 walking trail was created in 1972 and is now an institution, attracting 10,000 walkers every year. The Mare e Monti and Mare a Mare routes are less well known, but equally as beautiful, and - for the less fit - easier to traverse.  If you're interested in scuba diving, Corsica will show you as good a time as you'll find anywhere in the Mediterranean. The island's underwater kingdom has been remarkably well preserved and the clarity of its waters is legendary. There are hundreds of dive sites to choose from, including almost a dozen easily accessible wrecks. Around 30 dive centres cater for diving enthusiasts, and English-speaking instructors can usually be found. The area around Porto Vecchio offers some of the island's best diving and some of Corsica's best beaches for swimming, but these are no longer a secret and get very crowded in summer. Plage de Palombaggia is the most famous of all and perhaps the most beautiful. If snorkelling is more your thing, les Lavezzi is the place to strap on your mask and flippers.  Walking and diving are the two key activities on Corsica, but the outdoor fun doesn't stop there. Cycling is popular and you can hire out mountain bikes throughout the island. Be aware, however, that the combination of hills and heat can make cycling a somewhat trying experience. Climbing and canyoning are possibilities in the area surrounding the Col de Bavella. Niolo also offers climbing and canyoning, with canoeing thrown in for good measure. In summer you can spend time mucking about in boats, with beach towns such as Porticcio, around Porto Vecchio, and St-Florent hiring out windurfers, dinghies and sports catamarans. Horse-riding is also popular - you can cover almost the entire island on horseback, going from one equestrian centre to the next. Calvi, the Desert des Agriates, le Rousse and Porticcio all have riding centres. Organised tours are also available.  