 Attractions  Homer's 'beautiful and rich land' is the best known of the Ionian Islands, a beguiling place of wildflowers and cypress groves, Venetian architecture and herb-scented mountains. Enough beauty remains for Corfu (Kerkyra) to be considered one of the most beautiful of the Greek islands, but much has been ruined in the past 30 years by unscrupulous and indiscriminate development.  The island's capital is the promontory city of Corfu Town, flanked by fortresses old and new. At the city's heart is the gorgeously gardened Spianada and its elegant row of cafe-filled arcades, the Liston, built by the French and modelled on Paris' rue de Rivoli. Corfu Town's Archaeological Museum is famous for its Gorgon Medusa sculpture, one of the best-preserved pieces of Archaic sculpture in the whole of Greece, and the town also has notable museums devoted to Asiatic art, Byzantine icons - and paper money. But the best thing to do in Corfu Town is to simply wander the narrow alleyways of the Venetian old town, past Georgian mansions, Byzantine churches and shuttered buildings stuccoed in muted shades of ochre and pink. Leave some time for exploring the two fortresses, gasping at the stunning views and sampling the nightlife at the Liston's people-packed cafes - by day they make excellent members stands for watching the cricket played on the nearby Spianada, a decidedly unique experience in these Greco-Italianate surrounds.  More than one million visitors descend on Corfu every year, the vast majority of them package tourists heading for the beach resorts that have all-but ruined the island's east coast. Unless crowded beaches and rowdy bars have huge appeal, it's best to give the ugly resorts north of Corfu Town a wide berth and head northeast to Nisaki, with its tiny pebble beach and handful of tavernas and domatia (rooms for rent), and Agni, whose excellent tavernas are regarded by those in the know as the gourmet heart of Corfu. The beaches of Kalami are far more crowded than when Lawrence Durrell and his wife stayed there in the late 1930s, and the views wouldn't then have been marred by pink apartment blocks - but today's views of neighbouring Albania are still as good. Nearby there's the pretty little Venetian harbour of Kouloura and the harbour-resort village of Kassiopi, still bearing visible traces of its Hellenistic, Roman, Byzantine and Venetian past.   Mt Pantokrator is inland, at 906m (2970ft) the island's highest peak and a popular destination for walkers - the enormous radio antenna on its summit is a little unfortunate though. This mountain region is dotted with abandoned villages like Old Perithia, poignantly attractive in their state of decay. The beach at Almyros is a superb stretch of golden sand lapped by family-friendly shallow waters - facilities are limited but it'll only be a matter of minutes before the commercial activity of nearby Aharavi takes over. For a glimpse of the formerly idyllic appearance of resort towns like Roda and Sidhari, visit the tiny, unspoilt fishing village of Astrakeri - or rather, don't!  The hook of land dangling 5km (3mi) south of Corfu Town is the Kanoni Peninsula, the site of the ancient capital. Ancient ruins are liberally sprinkled throughout this region, including the circular Tomb of Menecrates and Temple of Artemis (the original sites of the lion and gorgon now housed in Corfu Town's museum). The much-photographed offshore islets include the dazzling white monastery of Moni Vlahernas and Mouse Island, topped by a 13th-century church. Corfu's southern reaches can pretty much be ignored, although Ahillion Palace is worth a look, if only to scoff at its vulgar 19th-century aesthetics; it's near the village of Gastouri. Holiday hooligans used to head to nearby Benitses, until it was ruined, so now they head north to cut a swathe through the coastline's few remaining unspoilt coves and fishing villages. The Boukaris-Kavos stretch of coastline isn't bad, with pebbly beaches and just a few tavernas - but stop short of the lager-lout ghetto of Kavos.  Corfu's best beaches are on the west coast, and development here is surprisingly under control - for now. The 3km (2mi) golden-sand stretch of Agios Georgios is a haven for watersports enthusiasts, and nearby Afionas has Neolithic ruins and sweeping coastal views. The west coast's largest resort is the beautiful but increasingly developed Paleokastritsa (26km/16mi west of Corfu Town), with sandy and pebbled coves, a verdant mountain backdrop and unparalleled snorkelling in grottoes and caves. A couple of villages south of Paleokastritsa have nabbed the independent travel set, including hill-top Pelekas, with its spectacular sunsets and range of accommodation from pensions to a country club. Myrtiotissa is the island's unofficial nudist beach - complete with body painting and fresh-water pipe for freelance campers. Agios Gordios is heading the way of all resorts, but its beach and hostel continue to attract more backpackers than package tourists.  