 Attractions  The largest town in the Canaries, Las Palmas unmistakably has a big city feel. It sits on the north-eastern tip of Gran Canaria and has begun swallowing up La Isleta, a small island to its north. The old historical centre is around the Vegueta and Triana districts in the south, and the city hugs the coast up a series of long boulevards a good 3km (1.8mi) to the bustling Santa Catalina and Puerto de la Luz. The 3km (1.8mi) long beach Playa de las Canteras is on the western edge of the land bridge to La Isleta, and at Playa de las Canteras you'll find the tourist office, the bulk of the hotels, the bars and more bars, shops and more shops. It is probably the only city in the Canaries where you may need to use the bus service to get around.  The Casa/Museo de Col n is a gorgeous example of Canarian architecture with fine wooden balconies overlooking two patios. Although it's called Columbus' house, it's uncertain whether he stayed there, and most of what you see was the residence of early governors. Inside is an odd assortment of navigational charts and pre-Colombian artefacts brought back from Latin America, with a few model ships and Hispanic-Flemish school portraits thrown in for good measure. The Catedral de Santa Ana is the city's main place of worship and took 350 years to complete. Nearby, the Museo Diocesano, set on two levels around the Patio de los Naranjos contains the standard collection of religious art and memorabilia, including old manuscripts and wooden sculptures.  The Museo Canario is the city's main museum, and is dedicated to chronicling Gran Canaria's pre-conquest history. It boasts the world's largest collection of Cro-Magnon skulls and displays Guanche implements and a collection of pottery. The Centro Canario de Arte Moderno is the city's main museum of modern art and shows temporary exhibits. Traditionally, the Calle Mayor de Triana has been the main shopping street in Las Palmas, and is now a pedestrian mall. Ciudad Jard n is a curious relic of the late 19th century, when the British dominated the economic life of the islands, and is an odd mixture of architectural styles ranging from British colonial to Andaluc an.  The hotels of all classes are clustered around Santa Catalina beach and the port, although there is also a good choice around Vegueta and Triana - if a little more down-market. Vegueta, Triana, Santa Catarina and the port are the best places to go looking for food as well, with restaurants and bars ranging from the humble to the magnificent, offering an assortment of food from Bulgarian fare and Argentinean beefsteaks to international fast food.  