 Environment  Almost nose to nose in the Mediterranean Sea with its Italian cousin Sardinia, Corsica sits at about knee height across the water from Italy's boot. Extending the physiological metaphor, the island looks a little like a hand, with a finger (Cap Corse) pointing sternly up towards its former master, Genoa. Corsica - or Corse, as it's known in French - is around a fifth the size of Switzerland and represents just 1.6% of all French territory. A land of incredible landscapes and amazing geological history, Corsica has 43 glacier lakes and mountains that rise up thousands of metres.  This French island has a wild, almost pristine environment, which is one of the main reasons people visit. A myriad of national parks, nature reserves and regional nature parks protect over a third of the island. Geological upheaval and glaciation over the centuries has created rugged mountain ranges and alpine areas, dramatic rocky inlets such as those near Piana, tafoni (cavities), ornamental rocks and the rare orbicular diorite, a grey honeycomb rock structure, which can be found in the Alta Rocca.  Corsica's rich flora is divided over three key altitudes. The Mediterranean platform, up to 1000m (3280ft), is home to sweet-smelling maquis, holm and cork oaks, and olive and chestnut trees. Pine and beech forests cover the band between 1000 (3280ft) and 1800m (5904ft). In the alpine zone, above 1800m (5904ft), the sparse vegetation consists of grasses and small mountain plants. Citron, kiwi and avocado trees grow in the eastern lowlands.  Corsica also has its fair share of animals, including the distinctive coil-horned mouflon sheep, wild boar and the Corsican red deer, which was reintroduced from Sardinian stock in 1985 after it became extinct on Corsica. Audouin's gull, which has disappeared from mainland Europe, nests on the island, as does the bearded vulture, the rare Corsican nuthatch and the web-footed shag. The enormous osprey is an island success story; its numbers have grown from just three pairs in 1973 to around 20, thanks to the work of the Parc Naturel Regional de Corse (PNRC) administration. Another beneficiary of the PNRC is the orange and black-striped Hermann's tortoise. Pay attention when you're out walking, as Corsica also boasts an amazing 40 varieties of dragonfly!  