 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: EU nationals have no entry requirements; citizens of Australia, USA, Canada, New Zealand and Israel can stay visa-free for three months; most other people need a Schengen visaHealth risks: Sunburn, accidents arising from walking, mountain climbing and divingTime: GMT/UTC+1 (GMT/UTC+2 during daylight saving)Electricity: 220V (50Hz)Weights & measurements: Metric When to Go  Most people visit Corsica in July and August - when the weather is the hottest and the calendar of special events is the fullest. Of course, both people and prices are a bit harder to deal with during high season. Walkers may prefer the less sweltering months of May and June, when the sun is shining, the olives are ripening and the wildflowers are blooming. September is also a good time - hayfever sufferers are less likely to sneeze their way around the island. Early spring, late autumn and winter can be pleasant, but many facilities close down during these quieter months.     Events  There are a breathtaking number of public holidays and special events celebrated in Corsica. July, August and September are particularly busy months for this partying population. In typical French style, a surfeit of events are food and produce related, lots are religious, and a good many have a music focus.  Among the highlights in February is Renno's A Tumbera: Foire du Porc Coureur, a festival that celebrates a characteristically Corsican variety of mountain pig. Held during Holy Week in March or April, La Passion is a major Corsican-language event retracing the Passion of Christ. Also at this time is the Processions de la Semaine Sainte; the most famous processions are those in Bonifacio and Sartene. April is the month for food. Easter weekend in Piedicroce features A Merendella in Castagniccia, a fair for local farm products, while Journee du Brocciu, held in Piana at the end of April, celebrates Corsica's world-famous cheese.  On 2 June the fishing boats are blessed for St-Érasme in Ajaccio, Bastia and Calvi. July features the island's leading annual wine event, Foire de Vi de Luri, on Cap Corse; and in Bastia there's the Releve des Gouverneurs, a costume pageant retracing the arrival of the Genoese governors. F tes Napoleoniennes d'Ajaccio culminates on 15 August, the birthday of the city's leading native son. September sees the Recontres de Chants Polyphoniques de Calvi in the fantastic setting of the citadel. In December the oldest and most important fair in Corsica, Foire a la Chataigne, held in Bocognano, honours the humble chestnut.   Public Holidays: 1 January - New Year's Day March or April - Easter Sunday and Monday 1 May - Labour Day 8 May - Victoire 1945 (VE) Day 40th day after Easter - Ascension 8th Sunday & Monday after Easter - Pentecost/Whit Sunday & Monday 14 July - Bastille Day 15 August - Assumption Day (Napoleon's birthday) 1 November - All Saints' Day 11 November - Armistice Day 25 December - Christmasback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to CorsicaTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services