 Attractions  About a fifth of Azerbaijan's population lives in the capital, the biggest metropolis in Transcaucasia. This handsome city is built around a perfect harbour, Baku Bay, a notch in the underside of the Apsheron Peninsula. Baku and the 70km (45mi) long peninsula enjoy sunny and surprisingly arid weather, spoiled now and then by the gale-force coastal winds called khazri.  Baku goes back - back to the Bronze Age and beyond. The heart of the historic city is Ichari Shahar (the Inner City, or Old Town). This is one of the oldest continuously inhabited spots in the country - and in the Middle East. Archaeological digs have revealed Bronze Age burial chambers. When the Greeks and Romans wrote about Baku, they were writing about the Inner City. This is the most popular area of the city, a maze of alleys, dead ends and caravanserais sometimes called the 'Acropolis of Baku.' One of the most impressive sights is the Maiden's Tower, which dates to the 12th century. This key-shaped building has walls 5m (15ft) thick, and you can climb eight stories to the top for a view of the city and the bay. There are a few exhibits inside.  Another outstanding site in the Inner City is the Palace of the Shirvan Shahs, dating from the 15th century, when the shahs moved their capital to Baku from Shamakhy. The domes and arches, mosaics and stonework are in beautiful shape, and there are a number of buildings to explore, including a mausoleum, a Turkish bath and the divan-khana or law courts. The complex is also the occasional venue for folk-dance performances.  The most impressive museum is the Museum of Carpets & Applied Art in the old Lenin Museum. It has a brilliant display of woven and knotted Azerbaijani carpets, plus jewellery, embroidery, metalwork and carved wood. The Azerbaijani History Museum, a few blocks north-east of the Inner City, features an archaeology section with Stone Age petroglyphs and other relics from the site at Gobustan.  The subway is cheap but gets ridiculously crowded during rush hours. A 1995 fire that killed 300 people hasn't increased anyone's confidence in its safety, either. Taxis are a better bet; be sure to get one with a meter.  