 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: US, Canadian, Australian, New Zealand and Israeli citizens can enter Spain without a visa and stay up to 90 days. EU passport holders can come and go as they please.Time: GMT/UTC + one hour (+ two hours in summer)Electricity: 220 volts, 50 Hz AC When to Go  The island boasts 300-out-of-365 days of sunshine, but Mallorca's peak season is summer (June, July and August). At this time the resorts are packed, beaches are bursting and accommodation and restaurant prices are upped. You will get the best weather though, with sunny tan-friendly temperatures and a pleasantly bath-tub-like sea.  In May-June and September-October prices are lower, the island is less busy and the weather is still pleasant. Even in winter (December, January and February) the sun sometimes makes an appearance, but be warned - many businesses shut between November and April.     Events  The first big bash of the year is January's festival of San Sebasti n, the patron saint of Palma. San Antonio Abad, the patron saint of animals, is also celebrated in January, with pet processions and animal blessing ceremonies. The weekend before Lent, Sa Rua, is carnival time characterised by people wearing fancy dress and dancing on coloured floats. Semana Santa, holy week, is an even bigger do: Palma holds processions every day and the smaller towns have festivities too. In July the party moves to Valldemossa, where the Carro Triunfal commemorates Santa Catalina Tomas, the patron saint of Mallorca. Also in July, battles from the 1229 Christian invasion are re-enacted in Pollen a. Harvest festivals are observed all over the island in September/October.   Public Holidays 1 January - New Year's Day 6 January - Epiphany 19 March - St Joseph's Day 1 May - Labour Day 24 June - St John's Day 29 June - St Peter & St Paul's day 25 July - St James's Day15 August - Assumption of the Virgin 12 October - America Day 1 November - All Saints' Day 6 December - Constitution Day 8 December - Immaculate Conception 25 December - Christmas Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to MallorcaTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services