 Off the Beaten Track  Less off the beaten track, and more front, centre and absolutely on the - very well-worn - track, the Medoc, northwest of Bordeaux, is king of the chateau when it comes to Bordeaux' 1000 sq km (309 sq mi) wine-growing region. Some of Bordeaux' most celebrated vineyards - those of Haute Medoc, Margaux and neighbouring appellations - can be found in this area, making it an essential inclusion on any grape-grazing trip.  The gravelly soil of the Medoc's gently rolling hills supports orderly rows of meticulously tended grape vines (mainly Cabernet Sauvignon) that produce some of the world's most sought-after red wines. The most beautiful part of this renowned wine-growing area is north of Pauillac, along the D2 and the D204 (towards Lesparre).  Chateaux in the Pauillac appellation that welcome visitors by appointment include the beautifully landscaped Ch teau Lafitte Rothschild, famed for its premier grand cru classe, and the equally illustrious Ch teau Mouton Rothschild. Both offer tours and tasting sessions. In the nearby St-Julien appellation, the impressive Ch teau Beychevelle also has tours. About 20km (12mi) to the south in Margaux, you can visit the celebrated Ch teau Margaux. Ch teau Palmer, on the D2 just south of Margaux in Issan, has tours and tastings weekdays. Both require advance reservations.  The Pauillac tourist office houses the Maison du Tourisme et du Vin, possibly the best resource in the region for vineyard-visiting tourists. Open daily, year round, it sells wine, makes chateau appointments, offers wine tasting, has a permanent wine exhibition and provides general information about the region. Be sure to grab a copy of their Medoc Guide Decouverte brochure, which lists chateaux and how to visit them.  Teetotallers and those who need to put a cork in their wine tasting will enjoy the Medoc's fine-sand beaches. Bordered by dunes and lagoons, they stretch for some 200km (124mi) from Pointe de Grave south along the C te d'Argent to the Bassin d'Arcachon and beyond. Seaside resorts include Cap Ferret, Soulac-sur-Mer, a lively town with a wide, safe beach and Euronat, a relaxed naturist village.  