 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Nationals of the USA, Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, Singapore, South Africa and the EU can stay in the Republic of Cyprus for up to three months without a visa. If you entered Cyprus in the North (ie, from Turkey), it is illegal to cross to the Republic. Travel from the Republic to the North on a day trip is legal and straightforward, but if you are late coming home your name will be placed on a black list and you will not be allowed to cross to the North again. It's also legally impossible to travel from the Republic to the North and to then continue to Turkey - you cannot take luggage with you across the Green Line, and you will be placed on the Republic's black list, which will most likely prevent you from ever entering the Republic again. Also note that Turkish-Cypriots or travelers who have a Greek family name will almost certainly be refused a day pass to visit the North. Travelers may enter the Republic only through the legal ports of entry: Larnaka and Pafos international airports, or the ports of Larnaka, Lemesos and Pafos.Health risks: No particular risks, but you should consider vaccinations for hepatitis.Time:GMT/UTC plus two hoursElectricity: 240V, 50 HzWeights & measures: Metric When to Go  The shoulder seasons - April/May and September/October - are the most pleasant times, climatically, to visit Cyprus. Summer - June to August - can be very hot, and winter is sometimes wet but still pleasant.     Events  The Republic celebrates basically the same festivals as Greece. Easter, more important in the Greek Orthodox Church than Christmas, is the biggest celebration of the year - expect candle-lit processions, fireworks and feasting. The date changes every year, but it's 50 days after the first Sunday in Lent, which is occasion for a carnival of its own. Cyprus Independence Day is celebrated on 1 October.  The North observes Muslim holidays. Foremost among these is Ramadan, a month where everyone fasts between sunup and sunset to conform to the fourth pillar of Islam. Ramadan ends with a huge feast, Eid al-Fitr, where everyone prays together, visits friends, gives presents and stuffs themselves. The Proclamation of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus is celebrated on 15 November.    