 Attractions  Helsinki, the capital of Finland, is the centre of cultural, financial and economic activity. Its green parks and waterways, fresh sea winds with seagulls flying over the busy market square, and many open-air cafes make Helsinki a pleasant place to visit in summer. The city retains a small-town feel: there are no high-rise buildings, and the market square is still surrounded by 19th century architecture. Built on a peninsula, Helsinki is linked by ferry to Suomenlinna Island in the Gulf of Finland, which is perfect for picnicking daytrippers.  Helsinki contains some of the most notable art museums in Finland. The national art foundation's Ateneum is the principal gallery and covers Finnish and international art from the 19th century. The National Museum, also located in the city centre, has extensive collections of Sami and Finno-Ugric ethnological artefacts. Johnny Head-in-the-airs will notice the Kalevala-inspired frescos on the ceiling of its main hall. The Raitioliikennemuseo, with a dozen old rattlers, is a delightful tram museum. Located in an old depot, it depicts Finnish street life in decades past. The Rock Church, hacked out of solid stone, attracts many visitors seeking a few bars of albino gospel. There are concerts here as well as services. West of the city centre in the dormitory town of Espoo is the magnificent studio of Gallen-Kallela, the notable Finnish painter.  Ferries and motorboats shuttle from Helsinki to Suomenlinna Island, where you can ramble around the ruins of the mighty fortress or look around its several museums. The Ehrensvärd Museum, which covers the history of the fortress from Swedish heyday to mayday, is the best. If you want to do a boy's-own battle reenactment, a torch is all you need to squeeze that body through bunkers and caves on either side of the fort.  Helsinki has numerous budget hostels in the city centre, although it isn't a bad place to unroll your sleeping bag outdoors in summer. There are plenty of hamburger restaurants, kebab joints and grills in the city centre, but those who baulk at using their body as a grease trap can try one of the cafes south of the centre or around the market square. Theatres in Helsinki have shows in Finnish, but you may prefer opera and ballet, as performances will be incomprehensible in any language. Helsinki also has its fair share of good pubs and clubs for midnight ramblers.  