 Environment  Crete is the largest island in Greece and the fifth largest island in the Mediterranean. A long, slug-like island of some 260km (161mi) in length, Crete is Greece's most southerly point, with its largest city and capital, Iraklio, situated in the middle of the north side of the island. Most of the tourist developments lie either side, and the south and west coasts remain largely untouched.  Although the island is formally divided into four prefectures (Hania, Rethimnon, Heraklion and Lassithi), it's more readily divided into east, west and central Crete. The east is by far the driest part of the island, studded with the ubiquitous olive tree and a rather stunted, albeit feral, mountain range, Thripti. A bit of tourism goes on around the towns of Nikolaos and Mirambello Bay but by and large it's a fairly untouched area of Crete.  The central area of Crete crawls with tourists and vineyards, a not altogether unhappy mix. Apart from containing the capital, Iraklio, the central area of Crete is also famous for its archaeological ruins and rabidly fertile plain of Mesara that produces crops of olives, oranges and pretty-as-a-picture windmills in equal measures. Located on the border of the centre and the eastern areas is the Lasithi Plain and cave-riddled Mt Dikitu. It is said that Zeus was born in one of these caves, the Dikteon Andron. Ideon Cave, another famous cave a little to the east of here (around Mt Psiloritis), is alleged to be the spot where the newborn Zeus was hidden by his mother Rhea from his cannibalistic father, Kronos.  The western areas of Crete are the greenest and most mountainous; the White Mountains or Lefka Ori dominate the landscape, rising to a height of almost 2500m (8200ft) before plunging in spectacular fashion into the Libyan sea in the south. This sudden geomorphic freefall gives rise to a number of deep gorges, including the famous gorge of Samaria.  Most of the wild animals in Crete these days are of the two-footed Le Tan'n'Party kind but occasionally you may spot a 'kri-kri' or wild goat amongst the shrubbery, a few snakes amongst the rocks, and more snails than you could possibly be interested in on the ground. Ironically for a littoral people, for whom the sea represents a potent cultural, mythological and historical symbol (not to mention a traditional livelihood), the seas around Greece have been severely depleted of marine life. Overfishing and dynamite-fishing have contributed to this state of affairs, as has petroleum pollution from boats. Steps are only now being taken to rectify the dire situation.  