 Environment  Spread out along the coast of Western Turkey, the Dodecanese archipelago is much closer to Asia Minor than to mainland Greece. To its west lie the Cyclades Islands, while Crete sits southwest, its closest Dodecanese neighbour being Kassos. Although the Dodecanese group's name means 'Twelve Islands', there are actually quite a few more than this. Rhodes is the largest, and, along with Kos, the most developed. The islands range in size, shape, geography, flora, fauna and temperament, catering for all but the most fussy of travellers.  The Dodecanese islands, like the rest of Greece, are famous for their wildflowers. Rhodes has its very own peony variety, which grows nowhere else, and around 50 varieties of orchid. Come spring, throughout the islands you'll see plenty of iris, wild orchids, anemones, white cyclamen, lilies, poppies, gladioli, tulips, daisies and more. Also plentiful on the islands are giant reeds, which you may get lost among on your way to a beach; giant fennel, which grows to 3m (10ft); the tall yellow-horned poppy and sea quills.  You're unlikely to see much natural fauna on the Dodecanese Islands, although you will undoubtably catch sight of lizards, including the Rhodes dragon, basking on rocks, and dolphins frolicking alongside boats. You will, however, notice lots of birds. All the typical Mediterranean small birds - wagtails, tits, warblers, bee-eaters, larks, swallows, flycatchers, thrushes and chats - are present and accounted for in the archipelago.  The Dodecanese islands enjoy some of the best climatic conditions in the whole of Greece. Like Athens and the Cyclades, the islands have a typically Mediterranean climate, with hot, dry summers and milder winters. Rhodes, along with its Dodecanese neighbours, receives most of its rain in December-January, while July and August are dry as a bone. Temperatures soar in July-August and the heat becomes more bearable in December through to March. The southern islands tend to be warmer earlier and later than the rest of the group. Beaches on the northern side of the archipelago tend to be affected by the meltemi, or strong northerly winds, that sweep through in July and August.  