 When to Go  Whatever time of year you visit the Highlands and Islands, you are likely to see both sun and rain. The weather can change within a day and from one to the next. As some locals are wont to say, 'If you don't like the weather, come back this afternoon.' There are also wide variations over small distances - one glen may languish under cloud and drizzle, the next may be basking in sunshine. However, the best time to visit is from May to September. April and October are also acceptable weather risks but many places close in October. Snowfalls can be expected between November and March, when the popular Highlands ski resorts are at their best.     Events  A diverse collection of events are held in the Highlands and Islands throughout the year. Even tiny villages still uphold traditional customs and ceremonies, some dating back hundreds of years. You will often see posters advertising a ceilidh (pronounced kay-lee and meaning 'visit') at pubs and other venues. Originally a social gathering at people's houses after the day's work was over, nowadays a ceilidh means an evening of entertainment with music, song and dance.  One of the year's biggest celebrations is Hogmanay, with a swag of local festivities to greet the New Year. The Ba', a truly unruly form of rugby, is held on New Year's day in the streets of Kirkwall (Orkney). Two teams of some 400 alcohol-fuelled players chase each other and a ball until one team reaches its goal. Folk in the Shetland Islands remember their Norse heritage with Up Helly Aa, a re-enactment of the Viking fire festival, held on the last Tuesday in January. Every May, the Orkney Folk Festival features a program of concerts, ceilidhs and workshops.   Walking festivals are held each year (mainly between April and October) in places like Royal Deeside (Braemar-Ballater area), Pitlochry, Loch Ness (Drumnadrochit) and Shetland. Highland Games or gatherings take place in many towns during summer. Originally the games were organised by clan chiefs and kings, who recruited the strongest competitors for their armies and as bodyguards. Even today Queen Elizabeth never fails to attend the Braemar Gathering in September, the best known of them all. Activities include caber tossing, Scottish country dancing, Highland dancing and piping (playing the bagpipes), athletics and, often, cycling.    