 Attractions  The beautiful historic island of Rhodes is an absolute must on any Greek island odyssey. In addition to its many gorgeous beaches, there are unspoilt villages to explore and the largest inhabited medieval town in Europe, Rhodes City's World Heritage-listed old town, to savour. Rhodes City has an impeccable pedigree - in 408 BC it was planned by the architect Hippodamos, who came to be regarded as the father of town planning. Today its heart is the old town - a mesh of Byzantine, Turkish and Latin architecture, with labyrinthine alleyways and bustling squares - enclosed within massive walls. It's divided into the Knights' Quarter, where the Knights of St John lived, and the Hora, where everyone else lived. You'll need to get up early to beat the crowds, but it's well worth the effort.  The imposing cobblestone Avenue of the Knights, with its inns and palaces, exudes the noble and forbidding aura of the crusades. Visit one of the area's museums, themselves housed in historic buildings, for a quick history lesson on what you're seeing. The Hora is home to various Ottoman legacies, significantly, the newly renovated, pink-domed Mosque of Süleyman, built in the early 16th century. The new town is also a roll call of ancient, as well as more recent, wonders: it features the Acropolis of Rhodes, which contains a restored 2nd century stadium and the Temple of Pythian Apollo, and over 600 discos and bars, which provide a modern-day connection to the traditional Dionysian spirit.  Just outside the city there's a myriad of other attractions. Lindos, 47km (29mi) from Rhodes, is a major tourist destination. Its Acropolis is the most famous of the Dodecanese's ancient cities, receiving 500,000 visitors a year. The Acropolis is spectacularly perched atop a 116m- (380ft) high rock. The site's most important ancient ruin is the 4th century Temple to Athena. Pedestrianised Lindos is well set up for visitors, with banks, restaurants, some (expensive) accommodation and even its very own donkey terminus to ferry people to and from the Acropolis. Get there early or late to avoid the worst of the crowds. If you're desperate for the smell of high-rise hotels, fast-food joints and bars, head to Rhodes' premier resort Faliraki Beach.  As well as its resorts, lush western Rhodes is home to some ancient ruins and pretty villages. Not far from Rhodes City, Ialyssos, used by Süleyman the Magnificent during his 16th-century siege of Rhodes, is a grand hotchpotch of Doric, Byzantine and medieval ruins. Further west, you can explore the extensive ruins of the Doric city of Kamiros. Towards Monolithos, you'll come across the ruined 16th-century Castle of Kastellos and the picturesque village of Siana, famed for its honey and souma, a local firewater. Monolithos itself is home to the spectacularly sited Castle of Monolithos, its Moni Georgiou and the pleasant Fourni Beach.  If you're heading down the west coast, give the windy beaches south of Monolithos a miss. Instead, plonk yourself down on a quiet stretch of the 11km (7mi) of almost uninterrupted beach between Gennadi and Plimmyri on the east side of the island. Gennadi, though becoming touristy, is still a charming stop-off, with narrow, winding streets of whitewashed houses and an olive-press museum. Take some time out from sun worshipping to see fine 13th-century frescoes at the nearby 9th-century Moni Thari, the island's first monastery, which has recently been re-established as a monastic community. Right on the southern tip of Rhodes, Prasonisi (Green Island) is a great spot for windsurfing.  The interior of Rhodes offers great scenery, traditional villages and very little traffic. If you have transport, take the time to do some exploring. One of the most scenic day trips you can make is the route to Mt Profitis Ilias and Salakos across the north central highlands. Conversely, Petaloudes (Valley of the Butterflies) is a package tour eco-disaster, with the number of butterflies (actually moths) at the site dwindling rapidly in response to the hordes of noisy human visitors. Leave the moths in peace and focus your attention instead on the many pretty villages that dot the central Rhodes area.  