 Attractions  Madrid may not have the glamour or user-friendliness of Barcelona, but what it lacks in style it more than makes up for in substance, with a remarkable collection of museums and galleries, beautiful parks and gardens and wild nightlife.  The most fitting place to start getting to know Madrid is at Puerta del Sol. Sol, as it is known to locals, is not much more than a huge traffic-junction-cum-bus-stop, but it's as central as you can get. Although Madrid is an enormous metropolis, the region which is of most interest to travellers is confined by Campo del Moro in the west and Parque del Buen Retiro in the east. The most exciting street is Gran V a, but Plaza Mayor is the true heart of Madrid.  Be sure not to miss one of the greatest art galleries in the world, the Museo del Prado, where the main emphasis is on Spanish, Flemish and Italian art from the 15th to 19th centuries. Goya is well represented and you'll find a wealth of paintings by Diego Vel zquez. If you haven't run out of steam after the Prado, the Cas n del Buen Retiro houses an excellent collection of 19th-century Spanish art. For one of the best art history lessons you'll ever get, check out the Museo Thyssen-Bornemisza, a private assembly of paintings from Titian to Pollock. The Museo de la Escultura Abstracta, has an interesting collection of abstracts by some of Spain's better known modern sculptors, including Chillida and Mir . The beautiful Real Jardin Bot nico, near the Prado, is a good spot to recover from an art overdose.  For the little bit of interior decorator in everyone, visit the Palacio Real, if only as a lesson in what can happen when you give yourself free rein - you'll see some of the most elaborately decorated walls and ceilings imaginable. If you've ever got stuck renovating a house, take heart in the stark and cavernous  Catedral de Nuestra Se ora de la Almudena. It opened to the public in 1992 after only 110 years under construction.  Madrid is the home of the world's largest bullring, Plaza de Toros Monumental de las Ventas, and is one of the best places to see a bullfight (corrida) - if you're so inclined. For something a little less cruel to animals, check out a football match when local favourites Real Madrid or Atletico de Madrid are playing at home. If you're in town on a Sunday morning, snaffle a bargain at El Rastro, one of the biggest flea markets you are ever likely to see. This is said to be the place to go if you want to buy your stereo back, so watch your pockets and bags.  Finding a place to stay in Madrid is never really a problem. In summer the city is drained of people, thanks to the horrific heat, so if you are mad enough to be here then, you may well be able to make a hot deal on the price. At other times it is still worth trying to bargain if you intend to stay a while. The Santa Ana area is one of Madrid's most popular places to stay and it's close to good restaurants and nightclubs. The epicentre of Madrid's nightlife is Plaza del Dos de Mayo, in the area known as Malasa a.  