 Attractions  Destroyed 40 times in its 2300 year history, Belgrade has never quite managed to pick up all the pieces. This slightly dishevelled air, combined with the city's vibrancy, fine restaurants, street cafes and northern European atmosphere, would make it an ideal place to spend a few days, if only accommodation weren't so horrendously expensive. Belgrade's bustling centre is the Kneza Mihaila, a cafe-lined pedestrian boulevard that runs north-west through the old town. To its south you'll find the train and bus stations.  Belgrade's fort since Celtic times, Kalemegdan Citadel looms over the old town. Most of what you'll see here was built in the 17th century, including medieval gates, Orthodox churches, Muslim tombs and Turkish baths. If seven years of news footage didn't quench your thirst for Yugoslavian war, take a look at the Military Museum on the battlements of the citadel. When you've had enough, you can pull up a bench in the Citadel's park and watch the good people of Belgrade take their evening constitutional.   Stari Grad, next to the Citadel, is the oldest part of Belgrade. Have a wander around and take a peek into the city's best museums - you'll find all of them around here. The National Museum is particularly good, with archaeological displays and paintings, or you could check out the Ethnographical Museum, which has an excellent collection of Serbian costumes and folk art. If you don't have time to get out into the countryside, the Gallery of Frescoes has full-size replicas of paintings from remote churches in Serbia and Macedonia. But the real must-see is the Palace of Princess Ljubice, an authentic, fully-furnished Balkan-style palace.  Belgrade's loveliest park is Ada Ciganlija, an island in the Sava River just upstream from the city. Swim (there's an area for skinny dipping), rent a bike, sip a cold beer from one of the cafes, or just lie on your back and think peaceful thoughts. When it's time to drag yourself off to bed the options are less pleasant. Belgrade's accommodation is expensive - there's a campground and a hostel in the south of the city, but otherwise you'll have to make do with a state-owned hotel. For food, cruise the Kneza Mihaila or, if the budget is up to it, try one of the Bohemian quarter's folkloric restaurants.  