 When to Go  July and August are the warmest months in Moscow and the main holiday season for foreigners and Russians. Summer days are long and can be wet. By the end of November Moscow is frozen most of the time and serious snow arrives in December and stays until April. Spring arrives fast and with a great thaw, a month or so long, and people go a touch crazy.     Events  Moscow's festivals have shaken off their joyous-workers'-march past image and are now shaking booty with the best of them. A great many festivals are derived from Orthodox church tradition. Orthodox Christmas begins with midnight mass on 7 January. Orthodox Easter, known as Paskha, falls some time in March or April - it begins with a midnight church service, after which people eat special dome-shape cakes (kulichy) and curd cakes and swap painted wooden eggs. The Contemporary Music Festival is held at venues all over the city in early summer. In odd-numbered years, the Moscow Film Festival hits the city's screens in autumn. The Russian Winter Festival is pretty much a tourist affair, with troyka rides, folklore shows, games and vodka, and is celebrated between 25 December and 5 January. December and January also play host to the December Nights Festival, when classical music is performed at the main halls, theatres and museums. Sylvestr is the Russian New Year celebration, and is the main gift-giving festival of the year, with presents placed under the traditional fir tree. Muscovites see out the old year with vodka and welcome the new one with champagne.  Aside from the main public holidays, other days that are celebrated are 23 February (Defenders of the Motherland Day), Easter Monday and 12 December (Constitution Day). The old Great October Socialist Revolution Anniversary (7 November) is still a big day for marches by the Communist Party. Much of Russia shuts down for the first half of May and its wealth of holidays.   Public holidays 1 January - New Year's Day 7 January - Russian Orthodox Christmas Day 8 March - International Women's Day 1 & 2 May - International Labour Day/Spring Festival 9 May - Victory (1945) Day 12 June - Russian Independence Day 7 November - Day of Reconciliation and Accord (rebranded Revolution Day)back to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to MoscowTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services