 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: None required for EU nationals. Nationals of Canada, New Zealand, Australia and the USA can stay for 90 days visa-free. Everyone else needs a visa.Health risks: Sunburn in summer, insect bitesTime: GMT/UTC (winter), GMT/UTC+1 (summer)Electricity: 220V, 50HzWeights & measures: Metric When to Go  Portugal's climate is temperate, and you'll find agreeable weather just about everywhere (except in the Alto Douro and the Alentejo where summers can be painfully hot and droughts common) from April to October, and nearly year-round in the Algarve. Overall the wettest season is from November to March: the soggiest regions are in the extreme north and in the Serra da Estrela mountain region in the country's centre. The ski season is from January to March but February is best. Peak tourist season is roughly from mid-June to September, except in the Algarve where it really only quiets down in the dead of winter. Carnaval and Easter are two holidays celebrated with gusto all over the country and are worth going out of your way for.     Events  Portugal abounds with romarias (religious pilgrimages), festas (festivals) and feiras (fairs) which bring whole towns to a standstill. At the core of many are religious processions. The further north you go, the more traditional and less touristy these celebrations get. Carnaval is one of the biggest events, featuring partying, parading and painted faces about six weeks before Easter. There are vast and colourful processions during Braga's Easter or Holy Week Festival. The Festa de S o Jo o in June is biggest in Porto where everyone dances through the streets, amicably hitting each other over the head with leeks. The Feira de S o Martinho (Goleg , November) showcases all manner of horses, riding contests and bullfights.   Public Holidays  New Years Day - 1st January Carnaval Tuesday - February/March - day before Ash Wednesday Good Friday - March/April Liberty Day - 25 April - celebrating 1974 revolution Labour Day - 1 May Corpus Christi May/June - ninth Thursday after Easter Portugal Day 10 June - also known as Cam es & the Communities Day Feast of the Assumption - 15 August Republic Day - 5 October - commemorating 1910 declaration of Portuguese Republic All Saints' Day - 1 November Independence Day - 1 December - commemorating 1640 restoration of independence from Spain Feast of the Immaculate Conception - 8 December Christmas Day 25 Decemberback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to PortugalTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services