 Attractions  Napoleon Bonaparte's birthplace, pastel-shaded Ajacccio, is the largest town on Corsica, and the capital of Corse-du-Sud. Its lively side is slightly reminiscent of Nice on the C te d'Azur. You shouldn't expect more of Ajaccio than it can deliver though. It is a provincial place with a limited bag of tricks with which to seduce outsiders, and it also has a melancholic, or as the French might say, triste, side. Beware - when it comes to celebrating its famous son, Ajaccio is also the king of kitsch! Hotfooting it around is easy; the main road (cours Napoleon) stretches north from place de Gaulle northwards to the train station and beyond. The old town is south of place Foch.  Ajaccio is not without its cosmopolitan charms. The Musee Fesch, easy to find in rue du Cardinal Fesch, brings Boticelli, Titian and Bellini to the people. The Municipal Library, commissioned by Napoleon's brother Lucien Bonaparte, contains an impressive collection of books, many confiscated during the French revolution from emigre aristocrats and members of religious orders. If you want to see the birthplace of the French empire, literally, visit the Myusee National de la Maison Bonaparte, which contains the room in which the short-statured one was born. If you want to brush up on your history, the town also has an assortment of other museums.  You can take boat trips to the  les Sanguinaires, the Scandola nature reserve and Bonifacio. Beach bums can laze around to their heart's content at Plage du Ricanto, about 6km (3.7mi) out of town near the airport. Diving, walking and watersports are also there for the taking. A farmer's market is held in square Campinchi every morning, and Villages Corses sells Corsican delicacies, including cheeses, meats, charcuterie, liqueurs, wine, chestnut flour and honey. A cinema, casino and a number of bars and discos provide night-time entertainment.  The centre of town is compact, and it doesn't take long to make your way around the streets. Many of the Ajaccio's eating places are located near the old town and citadel. Some hotels are here also, while others are scattered north towards the railway station. Most bars can be found around rue du Roi de Rome.  