 When to Go  The combination of tourists and business travellers visiting Barcelona means hotels are busy for most of the year. Spring and early summer is the best time to be in the city. The weather is usually pleasant, the number of tourists manageable and the city humming. High summer (mid-July to late August) is asphyxiating - many locals get the hell out and leave it to the guiris (foreigners). September isn't bad; the city recovers its normal rythms, the heat eases and tourist numbers drop, but the weather can be dodgy. For real rain, hang about in October. Winter isn't especially distressing, but you will want a room with heating.     Events  Barcelona is perhaps less chronically addicted to partying than cities in the south of Spain, but it puts in a fair effort with some wild occasions dotting the calendar year-round. There's plenty of dancing and a few fancy-dress parades during the 10-day Carnaval in February/March. On April 23, the Dia de Sant Jordi, also the Day of the Book, is a local festival celebrating Catalunya's patron saint. The Berbena de Sant Joan (also known as La Nit del Foc, or Fire Night) kicks off midsummer celebrations on June 23 with drinking, dancing and fireworks. Barcelona brims with music, dance and theatre during Festival del Grec, held from late June to August, and around August 15 the Festa Major de Gracia sees the streets of Gracia decorated and full of dancing and music. The last huge hoorah of the summer is the Festes de la Merce, celebrated around September 24, which includes concerts, dancing, a swimming race across the harbour, and a correfoc (fire race). During the International Jazz Festival from late October through the end of November, the city finally cools with some jazz and blues.   Public holidays January 1 - New Year's Day January 6 - three Kings' Day March/April - Good Friday March/April - Easter Monday May 1 - Labour Day May/June - Whit Monday June 24 - Feast of St John August 15 - Feast of the Assumption September 11 - Catalan National Day October 12 - Spanish National Day November 1 - All Saints Day December 8 - Feast of the Immaculate Conception December 25 - Christmas Day December 26 - St Stephen's Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to BarcelonaTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services