 Attractions  Yerevan is one of the oldest continuously inhabited settlements in the world, and has no fewer than 20 museums. Central Yerevan is a bowl ringed by hills on three sides, sloping gently from the north-east toward Mt Ararat in Turkey to the south-west. The central streets are a skewed grid, focused on the grand Republic Square (formerly Lenin Square, which used to host a statue of the man himself). On Republic Square are the State Historical Museum, the central post office, Hotel Armenia, and plenty of shops and foreign banks such as Midland Armenia and Milat. During commemorations and anniversaries like New Year, Republic Square becomes crowded as ceremonies and festivities take over. Armenia's armed forces strut their stuff in Republic Square on Independence Day. The main streets, and where the most important facilities are, are Ulitsa Abovyana and Ulitsa Machtots (formerly prospekt Lenina).  A semi-circle of parkland rings the town's eastern edge, and an array of impressive monuments, buildings and statues grace the streets. They include a massive statue of the mounted Vardan Mamikonyan, who led the Christian Armenian forces against the Zoroastrian Persians; Sasuntsi Davit (David of Sasoun, again on horseback), the symbol of Armenian epic glory; the breathtaking Erebuni Museum; and the Memorial Monument of Armenian Genocide, dedicated to the 1.5 million victims of the Turkish genocidal campaign of 1915. The splendid Opera House received the Grande Prix award of architectural design in 1937, and today it houses Khachaturian Hall, home to the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.  The Komitas Chamber Music Hall unfortunately bears traces of the 'Soviet Brutal' architecture school, but is nevertheless one of the finest performance halls in the country. Home to the Komitas Quartet, it is named after Armenian composer and clergyman who recorded Armenian folk songs and helped preserve the tradition. The Matendadaran is a treasure trove of Armenian culture, housing for study and preservation more than 12,000 ancient Armenian texts and illuminated, hand written books and manuscripts from the 9th century onwards.  There are only a handful of hotels in Yerevan, but they're mostly central and easy to get to. Since the collapse of the Soviet Union and the freeing up of the economy, smaller guest houses and pensions have begun to spring up around the capital. There's something very Parisian about the way people meet and linger on the streets and get dressed up to eat or drink at Yerevan's pavement cafes, most of which are easy to find. Some even have menus in English.  