 When to Go  To improve the probability of decent weather, visit Antwerp between May and September. There's an obvious trade-off in that this is the period when most other tourists will arrive and try to snatch the best accommodation from under your Euro-stacked billfold, but due to Antwerp's surprisingly low profile, you won't encounter as many visitors here as typically pound the streets elsewhere in Belgium in places like Brussels or Bruges.  November to March sees the crappiest weather descend on the city and soak it to its concrete marrow, while May to August is when the grey skies and precipitation are occasionally leavened by some of that blue stuff overhead and a bit of sunshine. The average daily minimum temperature in Antwerp over its fairly mild winter season is 3 C (32 F) and the maximum is 6 C (43 F); summer temperatures can sneak up to a luke-high 25 C (77 F), though July and August can also be the wettest months.     Events  In keeping with the rest of Belgium, Antwerp attempts to go a bit Rio during Carnival in February, though the most popular celebrations seem to occur in the town of Binche, to the southwest of Brussels. April hosts the Flanders-specific Festival van Vlaanderen, when the sound of music (classical and international, but with nary a Julie Andrews in sight) bounces off the stony interior walls of old churches and halls throughout the northern region. The city's strong fashion community gets to slink through a three-day catwalk to show off their new designs during June's Antwerp Fashion Show.  Several public holidays put a welcome dent in working weeks throughout July, including the Festival of the Flemish Community (11 July) and Belgium National Day (21 July). July is also music-appreciation month in Flanders: one of the biggest raves in Europe, 10 Days Off, sparks a mid-month mass of arm waving, swaying and bottled-water drinking in the city of Ghent, while the five-day Sfinks World Music Festival takes place at the end of the month at Boechout. Antwerp jazzes itself up for the week-long, biennial Jazz Middelheim in August (next held in 2003) and shows even more of its sartorial side during the avant-garde Antwerp Fashion Week in mid-September.    