 When to Go  While attractions across most of the Czech Republic are closed or keep limited hours outside the summer season, Prague caters to visitors throughout the year. The city is now one of Europe's most popular tourist destinations, and the summer crowds - as well as those that form around the Christmas and Easter holidays - are worth avoiding. Czechs tend to vacation in July and August, when bottom-end accommodation actually increases, as student hostels are opened to visitors.  If you can stand the cold - the winter temperature usually hovers around freezing, though -20 C (-4 F) days are not unknown - and periodic smog alerts, hotel space is plentiful in winter (outside the Christmas/New Year holidays) and Prague is gorgeous under a mantle of snow.     Events  Prague has a year-round calendar of cultural riches on offer, with music predominating. The jewel in the crown is the Prague Spring international music festival (12 May-4 June), with classical music concerts in theatres, churches and historic buildings. Other musical interludes include Music Ecumenica (early April), which celebrates spiritual music; Musica Sacra Praga (mid-April and October), which features sacred music in various concert halls and churches; the Festival of Chamber Music (May); the Open-Air Opera Festival (July-August); the Verdi Festival (August-September); Prague Autumn (September), an international music festival; Mozart v Praze (October); the Lucerne International Jazz Festival (October) and Musica Iudaica (October-November), a festival of Jewish music. Phew! If music's not your scene, visit in January, when Febiofest, an international film, television and video festival, is on; June, when Tanec Praha, a modern dance festival, limbers up; or July-September, when the Prague Folk Festival takes place.   Public Holidays 1 January - New Year's Day March/April - Easter Monday 1 May - Labour Day 8 May - Liberation Day 5 July - SS Cyril & Methodius Day 6 July - Jan Hus Day 28 September - Czech Statehood Day 28 October - Independence Day 17 November - Struggle for Freedom and Democracy Day 24 December - 'Generous Day', Christmas Eve 25 December - Christmas Day 26 December - St Stephen's Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to PragueTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services