 When to Go  As a convention town par excellence, Frankfurt's population swells during March-May and September-October - which just happen to be the best times to visit weatherwise. The winter months (November-February) are prone to storms and freezing temperatures, and June-August are hot, prone to rain and crowded. The solution is to book ahead or stay at places either beneath or beyond the conventioneers' budgets.     Events  Frankfurt's calendar of special events kicks off in February with the pre-Lent Fastnacht parades. In March the International Music Trade Fair segues into the International Jazz Festival, with impromptu concerts and big-name musicians hitting the city's many venues. In March the spring Dippemess brings the fair to town, with carousels, pottery displays and regional food and wine. The summer months feature a bevy of festivals devoted to Frankfurt's favourite tipple, apple wine (very much an acquired taste). June's Wilhelmstrassenfest Theatrium is one of the country's most exclusive street festivals, with gourmet snacks served to a jazz backbeat, and the Sommerfest at Opernplatz puts on a week-long feast for gourmands. August celebrates the River Main, with apple wine literally flowing in the streets during Mainfest and the Museumsuferfest bringing the riverside alive with art, music and exhibitions. In September the autumn Dippemess resurrects the carousels, pottery and apple wine stalls for one last hooray before winter sets in. The world's largest Book Fair takes over Frankfurt in September/October, and the month-long Weihnachtsmarkt Christmas fair brings the year to an exhausted close.   Public holidays 1 January - New Year's Day Late Mar/April - Good Friday & Easter Monday 1 May - Labour Day May - Ascension May/June - Whitsun Bank Holiday May/June - Wäldchestag (half-day) May/June - Corpus Christi 3 October - German Unification 25 December - Christmas Day 26 December - Boxing Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to FrankfurtTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services