 When to Go  London is a year-round tourist centre, with few of its attractions closing or significantly reducing their opening hours in winter. Your best chance of good weather is, of course, at the height of summer in July and August, but there's certainly no guarantee of sun even in those months - plus it's when you can expect the biggest crowds and highest prices.  April/May and September/October are good times to visit London: there's a better than average chance of good weather and the queues for popular attractions are hours shorter. During these periods the cost of getting to London is cheaper and you might even find some decent accommodation. If you don't mind braving the cold and shorter daylight hours, the cheapest fares and hotel prices are available from November to March.     Events  There are countless festivals and events in London. It all kicks off with the New Year's Day London Parade, in which the lord mayor of Westminster leads a parade of 10,000 musicians and street performers from Parliament Square to Berkeley Square. On Shrove Tuesday pancake races are held in Covent Garden, and in early April more serious racers take part in the London Marathon. London gets its colours on for the FA Cup Final in mid-May, and there's even more colour at the Chelsea Flower Show, held on the last week of May.  Continuing the theme, Trooping the Colour, the Queen's birthday parade, is held in June; Wimbledon runs for two weeks in the same month and London Pride, Europe's biggest gay and lesbian festival, also hits the streets. In July the world's biggest military tattoo, the Royal Tournament, is held in Earl's Court, and the raucous Notting Hill Carnival takes over the streets in August. Horsey folks can't resist late-September's Horseman's Sunday in Hyde Park, with more than 100 horses receiving the blessing from a vicar on horseback, followed by horse jumping in Kensington Gardens.  Things wind down as the weather gets colder, though there's plenty of bonfires on Guy Fawkes Night, on the 5th of November. The Lord Mayor's Show is held in late November, complete with floats, bands and fireworks. Trafalgar Square lights up in December with the Lighting of the Christmas Tree.   Public holidays 1 January - New Year's Day late March/April - Good Friday late March/April - Easter Monday first Monday in May - May Day Bank Holiday last Monday in May - Spring Bank Holiday last Monday in August - Summer Bank Holiday 25 December - Christmas Day 26 December - Boxing Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to LondonTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services