 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: You only need a valid passport and an onward ticket to be granted a visa for three or four weeks upon arrival.Health risks: Hepatitis, bacterial infection, land mines around Stepanakert (Nagorno-Karabakh)Time: GMT/UTC + 3 hoursElectricity: 220 volts, 50 HzWeights & measures: Metric When to Go  Autumn (September-October) is probably the most beautiful season, with balmy days, crisp nights and beautiful colours floating around on the air. There's no peak travel season so you won't be competing with hordes of tourists for a room at any time of year. If you want to avoid winter's chill, any time from about May to October is fine. If you like sliding down the icy slopes with skis on then Armenia has excellent resorts, and at lower prices than what you'd pay in Europe. January and February is the time for skiing.     Events  Armenians make the most of any opportunity to celebrate, and hold concerts, recitals and traditional dance and music performances year-round. The New Year is the largest holiday of the year, where people exchange gifts and houses are opened to walk-in guests. Motherhood and Beauty Day is celebrated on 7 April, and Easter, in March/April begins with the cracking of boiled eggs dyed brown. The one who cracks another's egg without cracking their own gets their wish. Religious celebrations begin on Good Friday and last throughout the weekend. The Armenian Orthodox Church is the only ancient church not to celebrate Christmas.  The heroes of WW II come out in force on Victory Day (9 May), and stroll through the towns. They are still revered for their sacrifices, and the tradition continues of smaller children giving them flowers and a kiss, with older children offering shots of vodka and konyak. Most towns have a cultural and music festival to accompany the beginning of spring, and nearly every region has a series of traditional and modern festivals throughout summer. In June, the unsuspecting get doused by children until the adults take revenge and join in on Water Day. Sevan Lake hosts weekend celebrations and concerts over summer, and most towns with outdoor stages host traditional Armenian dancing and music, with crafts and food. The town of Hrazdan hosts an annual autumn festival, called Voski Ashun, with concerts, traditional dancing and music in October, and the cultural season begins in Yerevan with the harvest and the approach of winter. Vernisage Art Park in Yerevan hosts spontaneous concerts and the occasional impromptu dance recital on weekends throughout the year.    