 Attractions  Perched high on a promontory overlooking the Petrusse and Alzette Valleys, the Grand Duchy's capital solemnly sits like a thousand-year-old gargoyle. In 963 AD, on a rocky outcrop known as the Bock, Sigefroid, Count of Ardennes, laid the cornerstone of a fortress that would become Luxembourg City. Although Sigefroid's fortress no longer exists - after nine centuries of attacks and occupations, his castle and most of its fortifications were blown up by the townsfolk in the latter half of the 19th century - the views and what little remains of the original structure continue to inspire.  Of the fortress' remnants, the labyrinthine casemates are the most impressive to modern visitors. Built in 1644 while the fortress was under Spanish domination, the casemates are a honeycomb of damp chambers and connecting tunnels hewn from the belly of the Bock. Originally 23km (14mi) of subterranean defensive passageways, some as much as 40m (131ft) deep, the casemates were soon the envy of Europe's warmongers - so much so that they earned Luxembourg the nickname 'Gibraltar of the North'. The reputation proved persistent when during WWI and WWII the casemates were used as bomb shelters for 35,000 people. Today, the casemates are listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site, and 17km (11mi) of them are open to the public.  Winding down from the Bock, the pedestrian promenade known as the Chemin de la Corniche has been called 'Europe's most beautiful balcony'. At its southern base, the Citadelle du St Esprit provides superb panoramas of both the valleys and the Grund, or lower town, a picturesque, cobblestoned quarter that's home to the bulk of the city's meagre nightlife. Just west of the northern end of the Chemin is the Grand Ducal Palace.  The city is easily covered on foot. Most of the sights are along the southern rim of the old town, where strollers will also find scores of scenic lookouts and serene parks. Old town is based around two large pedestrian squares, Place d'Armes and Place Guillaume. The city's modern commercial center is across the Petrusse Valley to the south, connected by two bridges, Pont Adolphe and Pont Passerelle. The Petrusse and Alzette Rivers meet in the city centre.  