 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Citizens of most EU countries and the USA can enter Poland without a visa and stay for 90 days. Australians still need visas. Border laws are being liberalised so check with a Polish Embassy before you leave.Health risks: Substandard hospital care, especially in rural areasTime:GMT/UTC plus one hourElectricity: 220 volts, 50 Hz ACWeights & measures: MetricTourism:8 million visitors per year When to Go  The tourist season runs roughly from May to September, peaking in July and August. At this time the Baltic beaches are taken over by swarms of humanity, resorts and spas are invaded by tourists, Masurian lakes are crowded with thousands of sailboats, and mountains can hardly be seen for walkers. Perhaps the best time to come is either late spring (mid-May to June) or the turn of summer and autumn (September to mid-October). These are pleasantly warm periods and there are plenty of cultural activities going on. During winter it's cold and dark (as you'd expect) and many camp sites and hostels are closed, but its still a good time for visiting Poland's cities.     Events  With a strongly Roman Catholic population, Christian celebrations are of huge importance. This is particularly evident at Christmas and Easter, but any Sunday is a good Sunday for getting a taste of Polish devoutness and religious fervour. All the churches (and they are truly in good supply) fill up beyond their capacity during the Sunday masses.  Among the musical highlights, Krak w hosts the Music in Old Krak w Festival every August, and Wroclaw follows in September with the Wratislavia Cantans, replete with oratorios and cantatas. Warsaw is a thriving cultural centre, with contemporary music showcases in autumn, including jazz in late October. The Warsaw Theatre Meetings in January review the achievements of the best Polish theatres over the past year. The Polish Film Festival in Gdynia in November is the foremost presentation of Poland on celluloid.  Small local feasts, fairs and contests, often dependent upon local folklore, occur throughout Poland, with a pleasing glut in early summer and early autumn.    