 When to Go  Late spring/early summer and autumn are the best times to hit the Dodecanese Islands. Between Easter and mid-June is possibly the best time of all: the weather is pleasantly warm but not too hot, beaches and ancient sites aren't too crowded, public transport is close to full schedule, and accommodation is cheaper and easy to find. Mid-June until the end of August is high party season and, unless you have the patience of a saint and the cooling capabilities of a deep freeze, is best avoided. The heat can be unbearable (up to 40 C - more than 100 F - in the shade), the beaches and tourist sites are constantly crowded and accommodation is often booked solid. Between September (winding-down season) and the end of October conditions become ideal once more. Winter is pretty much a dead loss as most things close down.     Events  The Greeks have kefi in abundance - Zorba was the king of kefi - and you too can share in this lust for life by throwing yourself into the mix of religious, cultural and just plain celebratory events that make up the Greek calendar. One of your key opportunities for fun is the Greek carnival season, which takes place three weeks before the Lenten fasting period starts. Don a mask, and feast and dance with the locals. The Feast of Agios Konstantinos (20-21 May) honours the protector of Kastellorizo.  In June, fishing villages and ports, particularly Rhodes' harbour Mandraki, celebrate the long relationship between the Greek people and the sea in Navy Week. On 17 July the Feast of Agia Marina (St Marina) is celebrated with particular fervour on Kassos. The Feast of Panagia tou Harou on 22 August is the Lipsi's busiest time. August is also the month of Kos' Hippocratia Festival, so be prepared to drink to the health of the great medical man. Like Athens, Rhodes also boasts a nightly son et lumiere from mid-May to September and Greek folk dances from May to October.   Public holidays  1 January - New Year's Day 6 January - Epiphany February - First Sunday in Lent 25 March - Greek Independence Day March/April - Good Friday March/April - (Orthodox) Easter Sunday 1 May - Spring Festival/Labour Day 15 August - Feast of the Assumption 28 October - Ohi Day 25 December - Christmas Day 26 December - St Stephen's Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementGuides to Dodecanese IslandsTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services