 When to Go  Helsinki enjoys a milder climate than much of Finland, and due to the Baltic Sea and the gentle winds from the Gulf Stream, it is also warmer than many other northern countries. That said, it's still quite cold (and dark) in the winter. The most enjoyable months to visit are June through September. In July, local folk desert the city for their summer cottages, and many offices are closed. However, it's a grand time to visit as a foreign tourist - the weather is pleasant, the markets bustle and the cafes and bars set up their outdoor tables. If you're interested in culture, book your trip during August, when a major arts festival and countless smaller performances will keep you entertained.     Events  On 30 April (May Day eve) and 1 May Vappu (May Day), the festival of students and workers, is a serious affair in Helsinki. Helsinki Day (12 June), celebrating the city's anniversary, brings many free and cheap activities to Esplanadi Park. Throughout the summer, free classical and pop concerts are held every Sunday in Kaivopuisto park. The event of the year is the Helsinki Festival, an arts fest which runs from late August through early September. The festival's high point is the Night of the Arts, with more than 100 free events. Another fun August festival is Art Goes Kapakka (Art Goes Bars), where musicians, poets, dancers and other performers take over the pubs.  In September there's the week-long Love and Anarchy Film Festival is a week-long. In early October the annual Baltic Herring Market, a 200-year-old tradition, takes place at the market square. Helsinki hosts an ethnic music festival, Etnosoi, in early November. Christmas is a special time in Helsinki, with the big Lucia parade in mid-December. Things slow down after the New Year, as locals stay inside during the coldest and darkest months of the year. In spring, music lovers reemerge for the April Jazz Festival, featuring top-name Finnish and international performers.   Public Holidays 1 January - NBew Year's Day 6 January - Epiphany March/April - Good Friday March/april - Easter 30 April - May Day Eve 1 May - May Day May - Ascension Day late May/early June - Whit Sunday third weekend in June - Midsummer's Eve & Day 1 November - All Saints Day 6 December - Independence Day 24 December - Christmas Eve 25 December - Christmas Day 26 December - Boxing Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementGuides to HelsinkiTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services