 When to Go  The official Icelandic tourist season is a summer-long affair lasting from June until the end of August, a period when the region's midnight sun keeps full dark at bay. What passes for a tourist crowd in this frigid neck of the world is much smaller outside of these months, and you'll find much of the tourist infrastructure (particularly outside Reykjav k) in hibernation, fro the rest of the year. Shuttered-up hotels, non-attended campgrounds, suspended bus transport and closed or limited-hour museums are the norm outside these summer months. That said, the capital retains some semblance of activity even in the deepest depths of winter, the highpoints being its joyfully excessive Christmas festivities and the spectacular (and free) light show known as the aurora borealis. The costs of accommodation, food, transport and entertainment are also less in winter though ultimately this doesn't mean much as prices in Iceland are among the highest in Europe anyway. Fans of the light would do well to remember that by the end of December the polar night is well and truly in control, and Reykjavik experiences a mere two hours of sunlight (more correctly twilight) each day.  In terms of climate, the good news is that unlike the country's interior, coastal areas are saved from unrelenting sub-zero temperatures thanks to the warm waters of the Gulf Stream. The bad news is that 'Gulf Stream plus polar seas plus neighbouring mountains' equals 'lots of grey skies and rain'. Adding to the anti-climatic misery are frequent storms, fog and drizzle, plus an almost constant wind that underlines the year-round chill factor. Reykjavik's average daily midsummer temperature is 10 C (50 F); midwinter sees a daily average of around -1 C (30 F).     Events  The Christian Lent celebrations that precede Easter are undertaken in Reykjavik in traditional Icelandic style, with Sprengidagur (Shrove Tuesday) marked by the loud slurping of pea soup and salted mutton instead of confection or fast foods. Local delicacies also dominate during February's  orrabl t, originally a Norse feast and still a valid excuse to overconsume. When Sj mannadagurinn (Sailors' Day) rolls around in the first week of June, every pair of sea legs in the country gets to take a day off to toast themselves with a glass or two of brenniv n ('burnt wine'), a schnapps-style drink also known as svarti dau i or 'black death'. Independence Day, a commemoration of when Iceland wriggled out from beneath the regal Danish thumb on June 17, 1944, sparks the country's biggest festival, with lots of parades, outdoor concerts, dancing and old-fashioned costumes on display. The first day of summer is officially at the start of June, but the citizens of Reykjavik let their anticipation get the better of them and stage a carnival to celebrate Sumardagurinn Fyrsti well ahead of schedule in late April. More partying takes place on the nightless Midsummer Night on June 24, as well as in early August when people flock to camping grounds around the island to fire up barbecues and sing boozy renditions of folk songs for Verslunarmannahelgi.    