 When to Go  Brussels is alluring any time of year. Most visitors arrive between May and September, when the weather is at its best. Unfortunately, the lovely temperate beauty of the place can be undermined by considerable crowds at tourist sites and a scarcity of accommodations.  If you're considering a weekend visit, Brussels is a particularly attractive option, as the majority of the city's top-end hotels drop their rates dramatically from Friday to Sunday. Don't settle for the first price you're quoted.  From November to March, the weather is often wretched (right around freezing with plenty of slushy precipitation), and the number of tourists falls off dramatically. If you pack the right clothes and keep in mind that the daylight hours will be short, you can make the most of uncrowded museums and markets. And there's always a cozy cafe where you can escape the cold and rain.     Events  Brussels has more than its fair share of special events. January kicks off the year with the Brussels International Film Festival. February is choc-full of events, including the International Cartoon & Animated Film Festival and the Valentine's Day weekend Chocolate Passion Fair. May sees the Brussels Jazz Marathon. In late June/early July there's the summer solstice spectacular of Ommegang, celebrating the annual migration of the Virgin Mary from Antwerpen to Brussels. In August the biennial Tapis des Fleurs carpets the Grand Place with flowers.  The Belgian Beer Weekend comes alive at the Grand Place in early September, and in the same month Brussels opens a handful of its protected monuments and historic buildings for Heritage Days. In the weeks preceding Christmas Marche de No l, a market, envelopes downtown Brussels.   Public Holidays 1 January - New Year's Day March/April - Easter Monday 1 May - Labour Day May (40th day after Easter) - Ascension Day 7th Monday after Easter - Whit Monday 21 July - Belgium National Day 15 August - Assumption 1 November - All Saints' Day 11 November - Armistice Day 25 December - Christmas Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to BrusselsTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services