 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: European Union residents just need their EU papers to enter. No visas are required for travellers from Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Japan and the USA for visits of up to 90 days.Health risks: Cholesterol and spinning out, manTime: GMT/UTC +1Electricity: 220V, 50HzWeights & measures: metricTourism: 6.5 million visitors per year When to Go  Hordes of tourists snap their way around the Netherlands in summer, but there's no denying that this is the best time of year to sit by the canals for a sip and a toke. Spring is a good time to visit as the bulbs are in bloom - April for daffodils, tulips in May. If you can be in Amsterdam for Koninginnedag (April 30), do it! Rain is spread pretty evenly over the year, so there's not much point trying to avoid Dutch drizzle. Winter can get bitingly cold, but the museums are quiet, and if everything freezes over, there's great ice skating on the canals and flood plains.     Events  A cold January invites endless speculation about the nation-stopping Elfstedentocht (Eleven Cities Journey), a gruelling skating marathon though the countryside of Friesland. The last one was held in 1997, but it could be decades before it all freezes over again. Carnival in February is an excuse for silly costumes and revelling celebrated mostly in the Catholic south. Koninginnedag (Queen's Day) is on April 30 and is a huge party day in Amsterdam. The whole central city becomes a huge street market/party where anyone can sell whatever they like - it's a madhouse. The Holland Festival in June is celebrated mostly in Amsterdam and The Hague. It's often highbrow and pretentious but there are many fringe events. The Hague's North Sea Jazz Festival each July is the world's biggest jazz junket.   Sinterklaas (Santa Claus) is the white-bearded patron saint of children who arrives 'from Spain' in mid-November. He is accompanied by a host of mischievous servants called Zwarte Pieten (Black Peters) - there are lots of PC Blue and Green Peters these days. On the evening of 5 December, people give one another anonymous and creatively wrapped gifts accompanied by poems about the recipient written by Sinterklaas. The Dutch sensibly have two Christmas Days (on 25 and 26 December), which is handy for step-families. Fireworks are only allowed to be sold in the days preceding New Year's Eve - there are hundreds of injuries each drunken, crackin 'n' bangin' 31 December.    