 When to Go  Any time can be the best time to visit Amsterdam. The summer months are wonderful as the whole city seems to live outdoors, but it's also the peak tourist season, when things are full and expensive. From mid-October to mid-March the climate is miserable, but there are fewer tourists, things are cheaper and cultural life is at its most authentic. The shoulder seasons - mid-March to late-May and late-August to mid-October - can offer the best of both worlds. If you could pick on emonth of the year, choose September and hope for an Indian summer. August is the top month for special events.     Events  Year-round, Amsterdam hosts myriad festivals, cultural happenings and sporting events, but the city really comes alive in summer. Catering to the tourist influx, theatres program English performances and free, open-air entertainment happens in parks, streets and on the canals. Winter has its own share of special events: it doesn't happen every year, but when it does it's legendary - if the canals freeze right, you can't miss the Eleven Cities' Journey, a gruelling skating marathon through the countryside of Friesland, held in January. In March, Catholics walk along the Holy Way in the Silent Procession, which commemorates the Miracle of Amsterdam.   Queen's Day, on 30 April, is the day to be in Amsterdam - there's a free market, street parties, live music and lots of beer. National Windmill Day is in May and open garden days are held the same month. The Holland Festival, the country's biggest arts festival, runs throughout June, and in August local theatre groups and orchestras perform free throughout the city. August also sees Canal Parade, the only waterborne gay pride parade in the world. September hosts the Flower Parade, and in November Sinterklaas arrives by ship from Spain. Also in November, the Cannabis Cup celebrates the sacred herb. Sinterklaas, the traditional Dutch Christmas, is held on 6 December, although gifts are handed out the evening before. The standard-issue Christmas is also celebrated, with Christmas Eve also traditionally marked.   Public holidays 1 January - New Year's Day March/April - Good Friday, Easter Sunday, Easter Monday 30 April - Queen's Day mid-late May - Ascension Day late May - Whit Sunday and Monday 25 December - Christmas Day 26 December - Boxing Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to AmsterdamTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services