 When to Go  The climate in Edinburgh is best from May to September, but whenever you go, you're likely to see both sun and rain. In summer, daylight hours are long, and the evenings seem endless. In winter, it's cold and daylight hours are short, but with so much going on, Edinburgh is still worth visiting. Note that the city becomes impossibly crowded during the main festival period - August to early September, and Hogmanay (around 1 January) - so make reservations well ahead of time if you plan to visit then.     Events  They don't call Edinburgh the festival city for nothing. The highlight of Scotland's calendar is the Edinburgh International Festival, held every August. Since its inception in 1947, it has grown into one of the world's largest and most important arts festivals. The Fringe Festival began unofficially at the same time and grew in tandem to become the largest such event in the world. Over 500 amateur and professional groups present every possible kind of avant-garde performance in venues all around the city. Also held in the same period is the Edinburgh Military Tattoo, which takes place on the Esplanade of Edinburgh Castle. The show is an extravaganza of daredevil displays, regimental posturing and swirling bagpipes and ends with a single piper playing a lament on the battlefields. Hogmanay, the Scottish celebration of the New Year, is another major fixture in Edinburgh's festival calendar with concerts, street parties and a massive bonfire on Calton Hill. There's also the frenzy of other international fests: Edinburgh International Jazz and Blues Festival in July-August, Edinburgh International Book Festival in August, Edinburgh International Film Festival and a whole lot more in between.   Public holidays 1 January - New Year's Day 2 January - New Year Bank Holiday 2nd Monday in April - Spring Bank Holiday 1st Monday in May - May Day Holiday 3rd Monday in May - Victoria Day 3rd Monday in September - Autumn Holiday 25 December - Christmas Day 26 December - Boxing Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to EdinburghTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services