 When to Go  Berlin is a fascinating city year-round, although most visitors arrive between May and September when the weather is the most reliable. Things are busier in high season, but despite the crowds, summer is a lovely time to be here because much of life moves outdoors. Rain is, however, possible in any month, so come prepared. From November to early March, skies tend to be gloomy and the mercury often drops below freezing. On the plus side, there are fewer visitors and shorter queues. Avoid major holidays like Easter, Christmas and New Year and special events like the Love Parade - unless, of course, that's what brings you here in the first place.     Events  Berlin's calendar is loaded with annual fairs, festivals, concerts and parties. The International Film Festival Berlin, the second largest in the world, is held in February. The Festival Days in April is a 10-day festa of gala concerts and operas. May's Carnival of Cultures is Berlin's answer to London's Notting Hill Carnival. June is awash with composers, with the Mozart Festival and Bach Tage Berlin. Also in June is Christopher Street Day, the city's big gay parade, while the techno Love Parade goes doof in mid-July, attracting up to a million ravers. In September the Berlin Festival Weeks celebrates with a themed month of concerts, exhibits, plays and other cultural events. Jazz Fest Berlin doo-bops in November and Christmas Markets are held throughout the city in the month before the big day.   Public holidays 1 January - New Year's Day March/April - Good Friday March/April - Easter Sunday March/April - Easter Monday 1 May - Labour Day 40 days after Easter - Ascension Day May/June - Whit/Pentecost Sunday and Monday 3 October - Day of German Unity 25 December - Christmas Day 26 December - Boxing/St Stephen's Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to BerlinTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services