 When to Go  France, including Bordeaux, is at its best in spring, though winter-like relapses aren't unknown. Autumn is pleasant, too, but the days are fairly short. Bordeaux's proximity to the Atlantic Ocean protects its grapes - and visitors - from both frosty chills and excessive heat, so expect a mild climate.  If you plan to visit Bordeaux over Christmas, New Year, February to March or mid-July to the end of August, prepare for a patience-testing melange of kids on school holidays and adults escaping France's cities during their annual leave. Finding inexpensive, and sometimes any, accommodation during these times can be a headache.  Wineries are often closed during the grape harvest (in October). In addition, most wineries require advance reservations for visits, and many don't welcome visitors at all, so always check in advance - either with individual chateaux or local wine offices - before planning a wine tasting tour.     Events  Wine tasting is the main event in these parts, but there is plenty of other stuff happening throughout the year, from art exhibitions to music performances, to entertain you while quaffing. Bordeaux' key event is, as you would expect, the F te du Vin (Wine Festival). It takes place in late June and early July and is an excellent opportunity to get to know the region's famous red stuff. Wine-making exhibitions, wine tasting, traditional music and dance performances, local cuisine and much more keep the wine flowing while introducing you to the best of Bordeaux culture.  Most (but not all) of the usual religious public holidays apply: Easter Sunday and Monday (P ques & Lundi de P ques) in late March-April, Ascension Thursday (L'Ascension) in May, Pentecost/Whit Sunday and Whit Monday (Pentec te & lundi de Pentec te) mid-May to mid-June, Assumption Day (L'Assomption) on 15 August, All Saints' Day (La Toussaint) on 1 November and Christmas (No l), 25 December.  As well, the French celebrate May Day (F te du Travail) on 1 May and Bastille Day/National Day (F te Nationale) on 14 July with particular gusto. Victoire 1945 on 8 May, Remembrance Day (Le onze Novembre) on 11 November and New Years Day (Jour de l'An), 1 January are also celebrated.    