 When to Go  Munich's tourist rush is on for one and all between May and September, when the weather just happens to be finest. The shoulder seasons - April-May, September-October - are great times to visit, with fewer visitors (but not during Oktoberfest!) and enough sunshine to go around. If you visit between November and March you'll have the place pretty much to yourself, along with the below-freezing temperatures and sunless skies. As a general rule, you can expect rain any time of year and there's also a chance of experiencing the Föhn, a warm, dry wind that's blamed for everything from headaches to crankiness and lethargy.     Events  Munich's annual festivals are launched in January with the pre-Lent Carnival, a raucous six-week-long affair of street parties and balls. Lent comes to an end in March with Starkbierzeit, when strong beers with names ending in 'ator' are consumed (Triumphator, Salvator, Maximator, etceterator) in a tradition going back to monkish days. April welcomes spring with a mini Oktoberfest called the Frühlingsfest (much less crowded than the real thing). Every second year, in even years, Munich's music and theatre Biennale is held, and late June sees the Tollwood world culture festival at Olympiapark. Also in June, Corpus Christi is a big deal in Bavaria, with street parades and dressed-up horses. The month ends with the Munich Film Festival, a scaled-down version of Berlin's renowned festival. July's Christopher Street Day spills over into three days of gay and lesbian fun, with street parties and high-heeled races. The Opera Festival brings highbrow entertainment to the State Opera House, while Sommerfest hosts two weeks of live bands and outdoor sport contests in Olympiapark. Just to confuse matters, Oktoberfest is held in September, perhaps because it's the biggest collective booze-up on the planet. The year groans to a close with the Winter Tollwood, a smaller version of the June world culture event, and a huge Christkindlmarkt is held on Marienplatz, complete with an outsized Christmas tree and stalls selling handicrafts and cockle-warming GlüHwein.  Munich's public holidays include New Year's Day (1 January), Epiphany (6 January), Easter, Labour Day (1 May), Ascension Day (40 days after Easter), Whit/Pentecost (May or June), Corpus Christi (June), Assumption Day (15 August), Day of German Unity (3 October), All Saints' Day (1 November), Christmas and Boxing Day/St Stephen's Day (25 & 26 December).    