 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: EU, US, Canadian, Australian and New Zealand citizens do not require visas for stays of up to three months. Nationals of African and Arabic countries generally require a visa - also valid for up to three months.Health risks: Altitude sickness, hypothermia and sunburnTime: GMT/UTC +1Electricity: 220V, 50HzWeights & measures: MetricTourism: 19 million visitors a year When to Go  Summer sightseeing and winter sports make Austria a year-round destination. The summer high season is in July and August, when crowds will be bigger and prices higher. It can be uncomfortably hot in the cities over summer and many famous institutions close down. Consequently, June and September are also busy months. During winter you'll find things less crowded in the cities and the hotel prices lower (except over Christmas and Easter). Winter sports are in full swing from mid-December to late March with the high season over Christmas, New Year and February. Alpine resorts are very quiet from late April to late May and in November. Spring in the Alps is in June, when the Alpine flowers start coating the mountains with colour.     Events  The cycle of music festivals is unceasing. In January, New Year concerts consist of lavish balls in Vienna. February brings Fasching (Carnival) which celebrates the return of spring with masked processions and dances. Corpus Christi (the second Thursday after Whitsun) is heralded with more carnivals, some held on lakes in the Salzkammergut. The Vienna International Festival (from mid-May to mid-June) has a wide-ranging programme of arts and is considered the highlight of the year. Midsummer night's celebrations on 21 June light up the sky with magnificent bonfires. The Salzburg International Festival takes place in late-July and August and includes plenty of music by the city's favourite son, Mozart. National Day on 26 October involves lots of patriotic flag-waving. St Nicholas Day, on 5 December, marks the beginning of the Christmas season with parades.    