 Activities  Templed out? Sick of stupas? Try trekking instead. The best trekking season is between September and early December, although March and April are also popular. There are plenty of trekking companies, guides and porters to help arrange your trek, or you can easily organise things yourself because supplies and basic hotel accommodation on most trekking routes are readily available. Trekking equipment shops are plentiful in Kathmandu (try Thamel or Freak St) and Pokhara. You can rent most items that you might need.  Trekking permits are issued by the Kathmandu and Pokhara immigration offices and will need to be shown at police checkpoints along your route. A normal trekking permit costs roughly US$10 per week for the first four weeks. Permits are available on the day of application if you start the process early, and require two passport photos. National Park and Conservation Area entry fees may be applicable, depending on your route.  Popular treks from Kathmandu include the Everest Base Camp, and the Helambu and Langtang treks. From Pokhara, the most popular are the Annapurna Circuit and the Jomsom trek. Less-travelled alternatives require more planning, but include the Kanchenjunga Base Camp trek, the Dolpo region, Mustang and Rara Lake.  Remember to minimise your impact on the environment by avoiding use of non-biodegradable items, disposing of your garbage responsibly, staying at lodges that use kerosene instead of firewood, and by not using toilet paper.   Rafting and kayaking are incredibly popular, especially on the Trisuli River near Kathmandu and the Sun Kosi in Dolalghat. Remoter challenges include the Karnali (a two-day trek from Surkhet) and the Tamur (a three-day trek from Dobhan in eastern Nepal). Other activities include mountain biking in the Kathmandu Valley, Pokhara and near the Tibetan border; and safariing in the Terai. A range of language, spiritual, medicinal and yoga courses can be taken in Kathmandu and at various temples and monasteries.  