 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: All nationalities need a visa to enter Lebanon. Australian, Canadian, most EU, New Zealand and US passport holders can obtain a visa on arrival. Entry refused if holding used or unused, expired or valid visa for Israel, or having any Israeli stamp endorsed on passport.Health risks: Vaccinations recommended for polio, tetanus and typhoidTime:GMT/UTC plus 2 hoursElectricity: 220V, 50HzWeights & measures: Metric When to Go  For sun worshippers, the time to come to Lebanon is the summer season from June to mid-September. The weather is hot and dry, though very humid on the coast. To many people's surprise, Lebanon is becoming increasingly popular as a winter sports destination. It has a number of ski resorts and the ski season runs from December to May. During May, the weather on the coast is warm enough for swimming and the country is carpeted with flowers. If your luck is running, you can catch the end of the ski season, sunbathe on the beach and get fresh flowers in your room. Autumn is also scenic: by October the most oppressive heat is over and it's a pleasant time to visit.     Events  Most holidays are religious, and with so many different sects in Lebanon there are plenty of excuses to celebrate. The principal Islamic holidays are tied to the lunar hijra calendar which is about 11 days shorter than the Western calendar, meaning that Islamic holidays fall 11 days earlier each year. Major events include Ras as-Sana (New Year's Day), Achoura, a day of public mourning observed by Shiite Muslims which commemorates the assassination of the grandson of Mohammed, and Ramadan, a month of dawn to dusk fasting. The end of Ramadan is marked with Eid al-Fitr, the Festival of Breaking the Fast.   Mar Maroun, the patron saint of the Maronites, is celebrated on 9 February, and Christian Easter celebrations take place twice, once according to the Western calendar, and again according to the Eastern Christian churches. Secular holidays include Independence Day (22 November) and Qana Day (18 April), an official day of mourning for the massacre at Qana in 1996 in which 107 Lebanese civilians were killed by Israeli shells at a UN camp. More happily, there's a world-renowned four day arts festival in Baalbek each July.    