 Attractions  They don't come any holier than this. Jews, Muslims, Christians: all three hold Jerusalem sacred, and it seems all three would rather see it destroyed than have the others touch it. Of course, most people come to Jerusalem to immerse themselves in this holy history, but try to remember that Jerusalem is as much a modern city as a concept, as full of living, breathing people as ghosts and Biblical figures. The city is divided into three parts: the walled Old City, where most of the sights are; the predominantly Arab East Jerusalem; and the rapidly expanding new city, known as West Jerusalem. The Old City is also divided, into Armenian, Christian, Jewish and Muslim quarters.  To get an idea of the Old City, it's worth strolling around the city walls, built in the 16th century by Suleyman the Magnificent. Rising over the city is the Haram-ash Sharif/Temple Mount, centrepiece for all the squabbles. This is where Mohammed rose to heaven and where God instructed Abraham to sacrifice his son. The magnificent Dome of the Rock mosque dominates the Mount, with the Al-Aqsa Mosque and Islamic Museum a little to its south.  The Western Wall, at the base of the mount, is the most accessible of the four walls of the Second Temple, built by King Herod. This accessibility has made it a popular place for Jewish worship. To complete the holy sites trilogy, pop over to the Christian Quarter for a visit to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. This church is built over the site where Jesus was (probably) crucified, buried and resurrected - its appeal relies on its historical links rather than its architectural splendour. Most people arrive here after walking down the Via Dolorosa, the route Jesus followed as he carried his cross.  If you've had enough religion, head out of the Old City to bustling, fume-hazed, Palestinian East Jerusalem, or the cafes and shopping centres of New Jerusalem. To the west of the city you'll find Yad Vashem, the moving and disturbing Jewish memorial to the holocaust. To the east is the Mount of Olives, where Jesus ascended to heaven and where more earthbound folk can get a beautiful view of the city.  Where you stay in Jerusalem really depends on what you want out of your visit. The Old City and East Jerusalem have the cheapest places and the best atmosphere, and they're closest to the sights. On the downside, it's a long walk to the cafes and nightlife of the New City, and the Old City pretty much shuts down after dark. If you're prepared to pay more, and if living it up is your priority, head for the New City. For really good, really cheap food, try the Mahane Yehuda market to the west of the Old City. The best places for felafel are below the city walls in East Jerusalem, or in the shopping precincts of the New City.  