 When to Go  From September through April, Phoenix enjoys mild weather and cultural events aplenty. Autumn is the choicest time to visit weather-wise, though the early months of spring have all the best festivals. Those hardy souls who brave a visit in summer can witness the mercury riding above 100 F (38 C) for weeks on end, commonly climbing well over 110 F (43 C) in midsummer. Summer is also monsoon season, when late afternoon thunderstorms blast the area and flash flooding becomes a concern for hikers. During the hottest spells, nobody does much of anything during daylight hours unless they're in an air-conditioned zone.     Events  While the period from October to May is dotted with community events in Phoenix, the city comes to a cultural standstill during the searing summer. One of the region's biggest parades kicks off the Fiesta Bowl college football game on New Year's Day at the ASU Sun Devil Stadium. Late January and early February catch residents of Scottsdale dusting off their chaps and Stetsons for a string of rodeos, hoedowns, Pony Express reenactments and an All-Arabian Horse Show. The Heard Museum hosts the Guild Indian Fair and Market during the first weekend in March, where you can eat Native American food and peruse top-quality arts and crafts. In mid-March, the Phoenix Rodeo of Rodeos is held at the Veterans Memorial Coliseum. The costumed Yaqui Indian Easter Ceremonies are held Friday afternoons during Lent in the main plaza of the village of Guadalupe, just south of Tempe. The Arizona State Fair takes place in the last two weeks of October.   Public Holidays 1 January - New Year's Day Third Monday in January - Martin Luther King Day Third Monday in February - Presidents Day Last Monday in May - Memorial Day 4 July - Independence Day First Monday in September - Labor Day Second Monday in October - Columbus Day 11 November - Veterans Day Fourth Thursday in November - Thanksgiving Day 25 December - Christmas Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to PhoenixTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services