 When to Go  You should factor at least two criteria into your travel plans; the weather and conventions. The summers are hot and the winters are cool, making spring and fall the best times to visit. The daily high averages around 100 F (38 C) from June to September, and around 55 F (13 C) from December to January; the rest of the year is temperate. It's pretty dry most of the time, but thunderstorms are most common in the summer (June to August) and can cause dangerous flash floods. February, March and November are busy convention months, with over 200,000 conventioneers in town over each of these months. Not only are colossal crowds at these times annoying but they're costly; hotels jack up room rates and buffet prices when the Buggy Whip Manufacturers and other large groups come to town. You'll probably want to miss New Year's Eve as well, and avoid the week before Christmas when the city's revues are shut down. Short-stay visitors should know that hotel rates are typically 10-20% lower from Sunday through Thursday.     Events  It's hard to outdo the nonstop party that is Las Vegas, but the city does have a few annual events and festivals. Locals wear the green for the St Patrick's Day parade in March. It's chaps and chili during the Helldorado Days Rodeo & Western Festival in May and the National Finals Rodeo in December. October brings both the Jaycee State Fair and the Cashman Field PGA Invitational Golf Tournament.   Public holidays January 1 - New Year's Day third Monday in January - Martin Luther King Jr's Birthday third Monday in February - Presidents' Day last Monday in May - Memorial Day July 4 - Independence Day first Monday in September - Labor Day second Monday in October - Columbus Day November 11 - Veterans Day fourth Thursday in November - Thanksgiving Day December 25 - Christmas Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to Las VegasTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services