 When to Go  Winter can be bitterly cold, forcing warm-blooded creatures into the enclosed Skyways that connect many buildings in downtown Minneapolis and St Paul. December, January and February are the most bone-chilling months, with an average daytime temperature of 25 F (-4 C). The average low temperature in winter is a crisp 5 F (-15 C).  In summer and early fall (June to September), the Twin Cities get downright hot, with average daytime temperatures at a balmy 82 F (28 C). The hottest month is July, with temperatures peaking around 85 F (29 C) and air so sticky it glistens. Rainfall is plentiful in summer, with an average 17in (45cm) falling between May and September.     Events  The St Paul Winter Carnival, the USA's oldest winter festival, was started back in 1886 to celebrate some of Minnesota's most obvious features - snow and ice. There's ice fishing, ice-castle building, snowball fights, torchlit processions and all manner of oddball winter worship. The annual festival draws up to 1.3 million visitors over 12 days in late January/early February.  The Festival of Nations, a 60-year-old event held each April, celebrates the Twin Cities' cultural diversity with international music and dance performances. The Heart of the Beast Mayday Parade, on the first Sunday of May, draws over 250,000 people to Minneapolis's Powderhorn Park to watch colorful puppets marching into spring.  Equally large crowds converge on downtown St Paul on the first Sunday of June for Grand Old Day, the Midwest's largest street festival. Aquatennial is a 10-day festival in July that is to water what the winter carnival is to snow. Purists claim the event hasn't been the same since the Aqua Folly water dancers were canned in the 1960s. They've been replaced by milk-carton boat races, rubber ducky float fests, sailing, swimming and just about anything else that can be done on, in or near water.  Fancy a hot dog? A twirl of cotton candy? How about some cheese-on-a-stick? All this and more make the Minnesota State Fair one of the largest and wackiest in the country. Pet a hog, love a llama, lose your lunch on a roller coaster - just don't make any plans for the two weeks leading up to Labor Day (late August/early September).  When winter arrives, it's time to drag the kids down to Nicollet Mall in Minneapolis for Holidazzle, a nightly half-hour procession of floats and marching bands that runs from Thanksgiving through New Year's.    