 When to Go  Despite its desert climate, most of Los Angeles is protected from extremes of temperature and humidity by the mountain ranges to its north and east. August and September are the hottest months, January and February the coolest and wettest. Offshore breezes keep the beach communities cooler in summer and warmer in winter than those further inland, particularly the San Fernando Valley, which is the hottest area in summer and the coldest in winter. The average LA temperature is around 70 F (21 C), though smog-shrouded summer days can get well over 90 F (32 C), while winter temperatures around 55 F (12 C) are not uncommon.  There really aren't any seasonal restrictions on a visit to LA. If you go in summer, you'll see the beaches at their liveliest, with all the Baywatch types flexing their pecs and displaying their implants. If the thought of wall-to-wall toned bodies makes you a tad uneasy, try spring (April to May) or fall (September to November), when the crowds are smaller and the prices lower.     Events  Angelenos love to show off, and the city has no shortage of opportunities for them to do so. Every New Year's Day the Tournament of Roses Parade - marching bands, celebrities and flower-coated floats - makes its way down Pasadena's Colorado Blvd. The Rose Bowl college football championship is played later the same day. A parody of the Tournament of Roses - the Doo Dah Parade - makes its way down Colorado Blvd in November, on the Saturday after Thanksgiving.  February is African American History Month, with films, lectures, exhibits and performances across the county. LA's night of nights, the Academy Awards, is held in March. Cinco de Mayo, marking Mexico's victory over the French army at the Battle of Puebla (1862), is celebrated on May 5 with plenty of south-of-the-border style festivities.  In June, the Gay & Lesbian Pride Celebration is marked with a flamboyant parade down Santa Monica Blvd. The Summer Pops Festival runs from July through September at the Hollywood Bowl, and the International Surf Festival hits the waves of Manhattan, Hermosa and Redondo Beaches in August.   Los Angeles County Fair, held in Pomona in September, is the largest county fair in the world, with music, sideshows, rides and other country-style delights. For those who prefer not to get their glad rags grubby, October's AFI-LA International Film Festival is one of the country's biggest, with more than 75 features from around the world.  For a bit of contrast, check out the Hollywood Christmas Parade, where movie and TV stars join Santa in a typically flashy parade, then join in Las Posadas, candle-lit processions that relive Mary and Joseph's journey to Bethlehem and honor the Christ child.   Public holidays 1 January - New Year's Day third Monday in January - Martin Luther King Jr Day third Monday in February - President's Day March/April - Easter last Monday in May - Memorial Day 4 July - Independence Day first Monday in September - Labor Day second Monday in October - Columbus Day 11 November - Veteran's Day fourth Thursday in November - Thanksgiving 25 December - Christmas Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to Los AngelesTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services