 When to Go  'Just another day in paradise' is probably the best way to describe Key West's weather from October to June: It rarely gets below 65 F (18 C) or above 90 F (32 C). This makes it a summertime weekend destination for overheated Miamians, and a year-round attraction for the rest of the world's population, all of whom seem to be here during the tourist season (December through to April).  Hurricane season, from June to October, lets budget travelers will enjoy lower costs and less crowded beaches, but just remember that one little hurricane can ruin your whole vacation. Of course, an emergency evacuation across 159mi (256km) of flimsy-looking bridges has great 'amusing anecdote' potential.     Events  Every evening is an event in Key West, as the fabled sunset celebration sees cobblestoned Mallory Square come alive nightly with jugglers, acrobats, beds-of-nails-lying-downers and hoop-jumping cats. Though cheesy, this is more like Stilton than bland cheddar. For a more concentrated Key West experience, come down December 31 for the New Year's Eve festivities; in March for the Conch Shell Blowing Contest, a 40-year tradition (it's more difficult than it looks); late April for the 10-day Conch Republic Celebration, in honor of the short-lived but festive independence of this would-be Caribbean nation; and late October for the Haunting of Fort Zachary Taylor, when the US Coast Guard gets the 'Isle of Bones' spruced up for a scary historical experience, followed by Fantasy Fest, Key West's massive Halloween bash.  Other classic Key West events include PrideFest in June, when the island - already a top destination for gay and lesbian party people from all over - hosts a fabulous party. Bearded gents won't want to miss July's Hemingway Days Festival, topped off with an author lookalike contest, while kitsch connoisseurs simply must experience November's Pirates in Paradise festival, when locals transform the old boat harbor into a rollicking rumrunner reenactment. Yo ho ho!    