 When to Go  The best times to visit Shanghai are spring (April to mid-May) and autumn (late September to mid-November). In winter, temperatures can drop well below freezing, with a blanket of drizzle, although at least there are few tourists and hotels are heavily discounted. Summer is the peak travel season, though this is the worst time to visit as it's hot and humid with temperatures as high as 40 C (104 F). In short, you'll need silk long johns and down jackets for winter, an ice block for each armpit for summer and an umbrella wouldn't go astray in any season. Avoid major trade fairs and Chinese New Year, when the city grinds to a halt and local transport gets swamped with domestic travellers.     Events  The biggest event in Shanghai's calendar is the Spring Festival, when many people take a week off and the city grinds to a halt. The Longhua Temple has large celebrations, with dragon and lion dances. The Lantern Festvial (February) is a colourful time to visit, especially in the Yuyuan Gardens, with people carrying coloured paper lanterns. A Temple Fair is held at the Longhua Temple on the third day of the third lunar month (around April). It's eastern China's largest and oldest folk gathering. The Shanghai International Tea Culture Festival is usually at the end of April. Tomb Sweeping Day, also in April, is a day for worshipping ancestors; people visit the graves of their dearly departed relatives and often burn 'ghost money' (for use in the afterworld) for the departed.  The Dragon Boat Festival on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month (June) commemorates the death of Qu Yuan, a third-century BC poet-statesman who drowned himself to protest against the corrupt government. The Shanghai Beer Festival staggers into town around the end of July. The Mid-Autumn Festival is also known as the Moon Festival and is the time to eat tasty moon cakes. It takes place in September, on the 15th day of the 8th moon. The Shanghai Tourism Festival kicks off in late September and offers a wide variety of cultural programs. In November and early December there's an annual International Arts Festival.   Public holidays 1 January - New Year's Day February - Spring Festival (Chinese New Year) 8 March - International Working Women's Day 1 May - International Labour Day 4 May - Youth Day 1 June - Children's Day 1 July - Anniversary of the Founding of the Chinese Communist Party 1 August - Anniversary of the Founding of the PLA 1 October - National Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to ShanghaiTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services