 Activities  Boston is a walker's town, and there are several historical and nature walks in the area. The 2.5 mile (4km) Freedom Trail links over a dozen historic sites, winding through downtown and the North End and ending up at the USS Constitution in Charlestown. Guides are on hand to lead nature walks along the 'Emerald Necklace' of city parks that links the Esplanade and the Back Bay Fens. The Black Heritage Trail focuses on 19th century sites on Beacon Hill. For those whose feet follow their noses toward the sea air, the Harbor Walk takes in a mix of ancient granite warehouses and postmodern hotels along Boston's fabled waterfront.   Bicycling on the Charles River Esplanade is a cardio-intensive way to see the skyline. The nicest routes are through the 'Emerald Necklace' of city parks linking the Esplanade and the Back Bay Fens with the Arnold Arboretum, several miles southwest of downtown. The 7 mile (11km) Shining Sea Bike Path runs between Falmouth and Woods Hole on the southern shore of Cape Cod and offers great views of Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket.  The best beaches are along Cape Cod. Old Silver Beach is Falmouth's most popular strand, but if you want to escape the crowds you can take a two-hour water taxi ride from Provincetown out to Long Point Beach. Coast Guard Beach, on the Atlantic shore near Eastham, is a long strand backed by tall, undulating dune grasses. The South Cape Beach State Park in East Falmouth has nature trails and a long sandy beach.  Whether you want to row your skiff gently down the stream or holler 'stroke!' through a megaphone, Boston offers great boating. You can take canoes, kayaks, sailboats, windsurfers and racing shells out on the Charles River or Boston Harbor. Canoes are available on Cape Cod for paddling around the Waquoit Bay National Estuary.   Birders can strap on their binocs and head for the Audubon Bird Sanctuary on Marblehead Neck or several nature reserves on Cape Cod, including the National Wildlife Refuge on Monomoy Island at the southeastern corner of the Cape, and the Audubon Wellfleet Bay Wildlife Sanctuary. Whale watchers are likely to be rewarded by a trip to Stellwagen Bank, 25 miles (40km) east of Boston. There's also a whale watching cruise that departs from Hyannis on southern Cape Cod.  