 Attractions  To many of the nearly 50% of Alaskans who don't live in Anchorage, the city barely qualifies for residency in the state because it doesn't epitomise the landscape. Anchorage is an urban sprawl, shopping mall, traffic crawl kind of joint and it doesn't sit well with your average husky-wielding Alaskan who figures she's a frontier-woman just off to fill in some blank bits of the map. For the traveler, Anchorage is unavoidable, being the hub of Alaska's road system and an international air junction; luckily it's also a pleasant city to dip into. Downtown is laid out in a simple lettered and numbered grid, making it easy to stride like a local as soon as you touch base. Many of the city's attractions are within easy walking distance or you can take advantage of over 62mi (100km) of cycle tracks and pedal your way around.  The Anchorage Museum of History & Art showcases the history of the state and the area's indigenous culture, as well as exhibiting artwork by regional, national and international artists. Native artwork is featured at the Heritage Library Museum where there are well-regarded collections of tools, costumes and weapons, original paintings and lots of scrimshaw.  There are a number of good parks in and around the city. On the west side of the city, Earthquake Park offers an interesting display detailing the massive 1964 earthquake that caused 130 acres (52 hectares) of land to slip 2000ft (600m) towards the sea. When not overrun by a tour bus or two, the best feature of the park is the excellent panorama of the city skyline set against the Chugach Mountains. On a clear day, Mt McKinley and Mt Foraker are visible to the north. The most scenic cycle route is the 11mi (18km) coastal trail which begins at the western end of the city proper and breezes along the shore, where you may even spot the backs of beluga whales. The Chugach State Park to the east of Anchorage is an enticing destination for day-walkers. The most popular place is the Flattop Mountain Trail, a mostly moderate climb, except for the unstable footing on loose rocks near the 3550ft (1065m) summit.  Finding a place to stay in Anchorage is rarely a problem. The downtown area is replete with hostels and inexpensive motels and cosy B&Bs are easy to find all over the inner-city. This area also has a wonderful selection of cafes and eateries, and is the place to crawl for pubs and bars. Anchorage has Alaska's busiest airport for both domestic and international traffic, although once you're grounded, trains or buses can be cheaper and more convenient for most destinations. The local People Mover bus service is excellent.  