 Activities  The Wasatch Range overlooking Salt Lake City provides world class downhill skiing. Four alpine ski resorts, Snowbird, Alta, Solitude and Brighton, are less than 30 miles (50km) from downtown; all offer runs for a range of skiing abilities. Several other resorts are less than an hour's drive away, notably those clustered around Park City. The four closest resorts all offer accommodation, but you could also use Salt Lake City as a base and ski at a different resort every day of the week. The best cross-country skiing is at Solitude. A snow bus operates from Salt Lake City to all four nearby resorts throughout the mid-November to early-May season; if you're driving, note that snow tires or chains are required.  The mountains also provide excellent summer hiking and camping, especially in Little Cottonwood Canyon, where the Snowbird ski resort is located. Good hiking trails include the White Pine Lake Trail and the Secret Lake Trail. The two canyons to the north, Big Cottonwood and Mill Creek, are also popular with hikers. City Creek Canyon, on the northeastern edge of downtown Salt Lake City, and the This Is The Place State Park, on the eastern fringe of the city, are favorite spots for shorter strolls, jogging and picnicking.  Robert Redford's Sundance Resort is a year round rustic getaway offering excellent skiing in winter and hiking and mountain biking in summer. The resort is approximately 50 miles (80km) southeast of Salt Lake City, accessible from Salt Lake City and Park City by car or bus. Utah Lake State Park near Provo is the largest body of freshwater in the state. It offers fishing, boating, canoeing and swimming, plus ice-skating, cross-country skiing and ice fishing in winter.  The Great Salt Lake is the place to go bird-watching; try the Utah Lake State Park, Jordanelle State Park or Willard Bay State Park on the northwestern shore. Spring and summer migrants include many shorebirds, waders and waterfowl. Ducks and geese arrive in fall, and bald eagles may be seen in winter. The peak month for migratory shorebirds is September.  