 Attractions  The French Quarter (or Vieux Carre, as it's sometimes called) was the city's original focal point and remains its chief tourist draw. It houses nearly all New Orleans' signature tourist icons, and Bourbon Street alone, with its stormy nightlife and naughty sex shows, defines the city's bawdy character. Whether you're a teetotaler or a dipso, a walking tour of the Quarter is a must.  What surprises most newcomers is that despite the name, the Quarter is noted for its Spanish, not French, architecture. With the exception of the Old Ursuline Convent - the oldest building in New Orleans, dating from 1745 - the district's French-designed buildings were destroyed by the tremendous fires of 1788 and 1794. The distinctly Spanish character that emerged in the rebuilt city is seen today in its broad window openings, crowned by graceful arches, and handsome fan-shaped transoms. Lacy ironwork railings on galleries overhanging the street are particularly emblematic.   Royal Street, the 'Main Street' of the French Quarter, is the postcard image of the neighborhood: its cast-iron galleries and Greek Revival buildings make camera shutters click like locusts in heat. Jackson Square remains the central and most important starting point for visitors to the Quarter, with its nebulous assortment of street musicians, artists, fortune tellers and mimes doing their shtick on the sidewalk. On adjacent Chartres St, two notable history museums are the Cabildo and the Presbytere, the former emphasizing the external impact of New Orleans, the latter concentrating on its internal history.  Even if you wouldn't give a nickel to see where the coins used to come from, the Old US Mint's Mardi Gras Museum exhibits on New Orleans Carnival history should get your attention. Upstairs, the memorabilia comprising the Mint's New Orleans Jazz Exhibit imparts a clear sense of how jazz evolved - from its roots in the rhythms brought by African slaves to recent Jazz Fest performances.  Just inside the entrance to St Louis Cemetery No 1 sits the most visited gravesite in all of New Orleans, the purported resting place of voodoo queen Marie Laveau; you'll recognize it as the unkempt tomb covered with the chalkmarked X's of devotees. If you want the city's history in a nutshell, the National Park Service's free 'History of New Orleans' tour departs from their visitor center on N Peters St.  