 Attractions  Though Puerto Vallarta is now dominated by its modernistic, resort-stacked beaches and cafe-society embellishments, there are enough of the old red-roofed adobe houses lining the streets and cobblestones underfoot to keep alive the spirit of a once-charming seaside village. To get a sense of the more-established parts of the centre, stroll a block east of the pedestrian-tramped Plaza Principal to the towering facade of the city's landmark cathedral, Templo de Guadalupe, built in 1951 and adorned with the replica of a crown worn by an 18th-century Mexican empress. Backtrack across the square to the arches of the outdoor amphitheatre on the bay.  Meandering its way north from the amphitheatre is the Malec n, a long seaside walkway adorned with a larger-than-life seahorse statue, a plethora of drinking dens, and plenty of places catering to la comida (the main meal of the day, usually served between 1pm and 3-4pm) and la cena (the typically lighter evening meal). Those who feel like stuffing a cylindrical wad of tobacco leaves into their craw will find several Cuban cigar bars on this strip that cater to their habit.  Wedged into the mouth of the R o Cuale, the slender river that divides the city into its distinctive northern and southern swathes, is the two-hectare (5-acre) Isla Cuale. This diminutive island is littered with restaurants and shops, the latter mostly specialising in clothes and local arts - for some good deals on Mexico's outstanding range of artesan as (handicrafts), cross over to the north bank of the R o Cuale where you'll find the 150-stall market called Mercado Municipal. At the island's western, Pacific-viewing end is a tiny, lush botanical garden and the equally tiny Museo del Cuale, which features a collection of pre-Hispanic archaeological artefacts from tombs cracked open throughout Jalisco state, as well as in the neighbouring states of Colima and Nayarit.  Puerto Vallarta garners more cultural credentials with its impressive array of art galleries. Most have an emphasis on contemporary Latin American painting and sculpture, and exhibit local, regional and national artistry - local examples include the angelic portraiture of Manuel Lepe, and the colourful creative toil of Huichol Indians who live in the rangy mountains of the nearby Sierra Madre Occidental.  