 When to Go  High season on Martha's Vineyard extends from Memorial through Labor Day or in some cases Columbus Day. If you enjoy the excitement and activity of the summer season then this is a good time to visit with everything open for business, but be prepared for high prices, crowds and traffic. If you want to miss the peak season brouhaha then consider the shoulder seasons of spring and fall when crowds are fewer, most facilities are still open and rates are lower. Holiday festivities make the island a magical, if somewhat chilly and damp, place to be although many shops, hotels and restaurants are closed for business.  Summer and winter temperatures are milder on the island than on the mainland, due in part to the moderating ocean breezes, and although there are plenty of beach days to go around, rain or fog is not an uncommon part of even a summer visit.     Events  There are many special events and festivals that see an influx of visitors to the island but some are worth a special mention. The Chilmark Flea Market, held every Wednesday and Saturday during the summer, sees hoards of locals and visitors converging to uncover handmade quilts, furniture, photography prints, jewelry, lanterns and more. Hosted in early July, the Edgartown Regatta is one of the premier yacht racing series on the East Coast, and a highly social event. The early August Possible Dreams Auction, usually held in Edgartown, is a unique event that sees resident island celebrities give (and bid) their all to support the endeavors of Martha's Vineyard Community Services.  The Agricultural Society Livestock Show and Fair, held in mid-August in West Tisbury, is a classic old-time country carnival, with music and woodsman's competitions, horse pulls, livestock and dog shows and arts and crafts from around the island. The exact date of the late-August Illumination Night in Oak Bluffs is kept secret till a week before it becomes obvious. After residents gather for a community sing-a-long, the town shuts off all electrical lights and the eldest resident lights a Japanese lantern. When the rest of the Methodist Campmeeting Association follows suit, an eerie glow illuminates the neighborhood. Summer's last blast can be had at the Oak Bluffs Fireworks and Band Concert during late August.  From mid-September to mid-October the region's premier fishing derby, The Martha's Vineyard Striped Bass and Bluefish Derby, is a month-long classic contest and is one of the country's oldest. In late November Edgartown hosts a Fall Festival with family activities at the Felix Neck Wildlife Sanctuary, including a treasure hunt, wildlife walks, and wreath-making. On New Year's Eve the two island towns of Vineyard Haven and Edgartown mount their own Boston-inspired First Night jamborees featuring local artists and performers.    