 When to Go  Anytime is a good time to visit Baja, right? Well, almost. In the hottest months of May to October, Cabo San Lucas is also, unfortunately, the wettest, with the occasional chubascos (tropical storm) meteorologically shaking things up. The summer highs of over 85 F (30 C) can get a little uncomfortable, too. Dodging the crowds is a real issue here, with some US university students making it this far south for wild spring breaks during March and April. Hotels and resorts fill up quickly around big US holidays too - like Memorial Day in May or even Independence Day in July - so book ahead. Savvy visitors usually avoid the tourist crowds by coming down in winter when the temperature drops as 'low' as 60 F (16 C) - hardly winter woolies weather. If you're coming for the fishing, it's best during hurricane season when rough waters stir up the big fish.     Events  There's no shortage of celebrations in Cabo San Lucas, especially if you're into sportfishing. The big angling event is Bisbee's Black & Blue Marlin Jackpot Tournament, which kicks off in late October. The lead up to this huge event is  Gold Cup Sports-fishing Tournament, usually held the week before and a big event in its own right. If you're still desperate to throw a line in, late November sees the Los Cabos Billfish Tournament snapping rods and tightening lines around the Cape Region. If you like your fun a little less fishy, the locals come out for parades and parties honoring the town's patron saint at the Festival of San Lucas. In the nearby town of Todos Santos, the two-day Festivale de Artes is a showcase for the work of local artists.  Mexico brings in A o Nuevo (New Year's Day) with plenty of partying, though Mexican children have to wait until D a de los Reyes Magos (Three Kings' Day) on 6 January to get their Christmas gifts. February is full of national holidays: D a de la Constituc on (Constitution Day) on 5 February acknowledges drafting of the national founding document and on 24 February the country gives a nod to its standard with D a de la Bandera (Day of the Flag). On 21 March Mexico's much-beloved Zapotec president is honored with his own day off for the anniversary of his birth on D a de Nacimiento de Benito Ju rez. May is another double holiday month with D a del Obrero (Labor Day) on 1 May and the anniversary of Mexico's victory over the French on Cinco de Mayo (Fifth of May). On 16 September D a de la Independencia commemorates the beginning of Mexico's war of independence, which saw the forging of a nation from a Spanish colony. D a de la Raza (12 October) celebrates the discovery of the New World by Colombus, and the D a de la Revoluci n (20 November) celebrates the Mexican Revolution of 1810. The year is rounded off with D a de Navidad (Christmas Day), which is celebrated with a traditional feast after midnight mass.    