 Activities   Surfing is theSan Diego sport, and it occasionally seems that every Tom, Dick and Moondoggie is queuing up behind you to pick up the next wave. The best breaks, going from south to north, are at Imperial Beach, Coronado, Point Loma, Ocean Beach, Pacific Beach, Bird Rock, Windansea, La Jolla Cove and La Jolla Shores. Point Loma's reef breaks are the least accessible and therefore the least crowded. Autumn generally offers the best opportunity to find strong swells and offshore Santa Ana winds.  The best spots to pick up on the So-Cal beach scene are the 3-mile (5km) stretch from the southern tip of Mission Beach to the northern end of Pacific Beach. Ocean Beach is also a convivial spot, while La Jolla Cove is a lovely sheltered beach with excellent snorkeling offshore.  Some of the city's best diving can be found in the environmentally protected San Diego-La Jolla Underwater Park, in La Jolla Bay. There's rich marine life, kelp forests and a 100ft (30m) deep underwater canyon. Local dive operators can also arrange trips to the islands off the coast of Baja California. Keen-eyed whale watchers might be lucky enough to spot gray whales off Point Loma between mid-December and March. Whale watching cruises operate during the migration season; some will 'guarantee' a sighting.   Boating and canoeing are popular on Mission Bay. Experienced sailors can charter yachts to sail in the harbor and the open sea. Charter operators are concentrated at Shelter Island, a few miles southwest of the airport. The most popular public fishing piers are Imperial Beach Municipal Pier, Embarcadero Fishing Pier, Shelter Island Fishing Pier, Ocean Beach Pier and Crystal Pier. The best time of year to toss in a line is between April and October. Fishing charters are available from Shelter Island Marina. Offshore catches include barracuda, bass, yellowtail and, in summer, albacore.  Glider riders hang at Torrey Pines Glider Port in La Jolla. Even if you're not into defying gravity, this is a great place to watch hang gliders and paragliders launch themselves into the sea breezes that rise over the cliffs. Expensive tandem flights are available if you can't resist joining in.  