 When to Go  Many prefer to visit Hong Kong during November and December when there are pleasant breezes, plenty of sunshine and comfortable temperatures. January and February are okay months, but the temperature can drop to below 10 C (50 F). Warmer temperatures make March and April pleasant months to go, but as the year progresses into May the air becomes uncomfortably sticky and humid, and by September you can expect typhoons. Hotels tends to offer substantial discounts outside the high seasons of March-April and October-November. Travel can be difficult during Chinese New Year, late January/early February.     Events  Use of the Western calendar and the Chinese lunar calendar can make trying to determine the exact date of festivals a bit tricky. Chinese New Year takes place in late January/early February, and many people get four days off for the event. Expect a massive fireworks display over Victoria Harbour. Lantern Festival takes place in mid to late February. Lanterns are lit in homes, restaurants and temples. February also has the Hong Kong Arts Festival. In late March/early April the Hong Kong International Film Festival comes to town. The Tin Hau Festival is a Taoist festival falling around late April. Junks are decorated and sail in long rows to Tin Hau temples to pray for clear skies and good fishing. The Dragon Boat Festival is held in June, with dragon boat races taking place in Hong Kong and Outlying Islands. In mid-September the Mid-Autumn Festival happens. The Festival of Asian Arts is a major international event and usually occurs in October or November.   Public holidays 1 January - New Year's Day January/February - Chinese New Year late March/April - Easter early April - Ching Ming late April - Buddha's Birthday 1 May - Labour Day June - Dragon Boat/Tuen Ng Festival 1 July - Hong Kong SAR Establishment Day 1 October - National Day early October - Chinese Mid-Autumn Festival late October - Cheung Yeung 25 December - Christmas Day 26 December - Boxing Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to Hong KongTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services