 When to Go  Most travelers like to visit Alaska from June through August, making the most of the warmer temperatures. Fairbanks has particularly pleasant weather at this time, dry and sometimes even hitting 90 F (32 C). Peak summer - from early July through mid-August - tends to attract colossal crowds to the bigger Alaskan sights (including the nearby Denali National Park), making travel during the shoulder season - May and September - a better chance for discounts on accommodation and transportation. This optimal shoulder is short, with the Interior usually still elbow deep in slush and mud in April, and covered in snow by mid-October.  Most festivals and events in Fairbanks take place during the summer periods of 24-hour daylight, though for a look at the Northern Lights you will need to come late August through to April, with the best 'shows' in February.  The state is attempting to attract more visitors during the winter months (November through February) by promoting a 'winter wonderland' of skiing and dog-sledding, and, as mentioned, the prominence of the Northern Lights at this time of year; -50 F (-45 C) temperatures (and colder) are the fine-print warnings.     Events   Golden Days has grown to be Fairbanks' largest celebration of the summer. Staged during the third week of July, the festival commemorates Felix Pedro's discovery of gold with parades, games, booths, a boat parade on the Chena River and numerous special events, such as the hairy legs contest. The summer solstice is also well celebrated, on June 21. Events include footraces, speedboat races, art and craft booths and the traditional midnight sun baseball game, where no artificial lights are used.  Around the second week in August, the Tanana Valley Fair is held at the fairgrounds on College Rd. Alaska's oldest fair features sideshows, a rodeo, entertainment, livestock shows and large produce. Fairbanks is the home of the North America Sled Dog Championships, a three-day event in which mushers, some with teams as large as 20 dogs, compete in a series of races. The Yukon Quest, which many mushers argue is by far tougher than the better-known Iditarod, is a 1023-mile run between Fairbanks and Whitehorse. It happens in February.  All US public holidays are celebrated, with Independence Day (July 4) being particularly popular in the state.    