 Off the Beaten Track  Dallas and its twin, Fort Worth, anchor a region of more than 4.8 million people, the most populous in Texas. Although the cities are only 30 miles (48km) apart, closely linked by growth and geography, they offer two distinct takes on the Texas experience. If Dallas is skyscrapers, Fort Worth is streetscapes: the awesome mural of the Chisholm Trail (the famous cattle trail that once wound from San Antonio, Texas, north to Abilene, Kansas) at Sundance Square, the hitching posts of the Stockyards, the cobblestones of old Camp Bowie Blvd. Fort Worth is proud of its Cowtown nickname, but the livestock industry is just a small part of what's happening here these days.  Fort Worth found fame during the great open-range cattle drives, which lasted from the 1860s to the 1880s. More than 10 million head of cattle trooped through the city during the Chisholm Trail days. When the railroad arrived in 1873, stockyards were established at Fort Worth and many drovers chose to end the trek here. Outlaws Robert Leroy Parker and Harry Longbaugh - better known as Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid - spent a lot of time hiding out in a part of downtown known as Hell's Half Acre; Depression-era hold-up artists Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow also spent time in the city. Most of the mayhem of Fort Worth's wild days, however, came from rank-and-file cowboys who boozed and brawled through town, giving Fort Worth a far different image than that of God-fearing Dallas. The cattle business remained the top industry in Fort Worth through the 1920s, even as major finds in nearby fields turned the city into an important operations center for the oil industry.  For years the heart of Fort Worth, the Stockyards National Historic District remains popular with visitors and residents. What was once the center of the ranching industry is now mostly an entertainment and shopping district, though a bit of cattle business still takes place. Known as 'Wall Street of the West,' the Fort Worth Livestock Exchange includes a museum of photos and memorabilia from the heyday of Fort Worth's cattle industry.   Sundance Square, a 14-block area, is one of the most vibrant downtown districts in Texas. The renaissance started in the early 1980s with the openings of the Worthington Hotel and the Caravan of Dreams nightclub, and it continues with a constant influx of new restaurants, shops, colorful street-level architecture and plenty of public art - most notably the trompe l'oeil Chisholm Trail mural.  Most visitors to Fort Worth arrive at DFW International Airport, 17 miles (27km) east of Fort Worth, but Fort Worth Meacham Airport is a good alternative for in-state travel from Austin, Houston and San Antonio. Greyhound buses and Amtrak trains also service Fort Worth, 30 miles (48km) west of Dallas via I-30. A bus ride between the two takes less than an hour.  