 When to Go  Contrary to the city's rain-soaked image, average precipitation in Portland is only around 35in (890mm) a year, less than Atlanta or Houston. The summer months (June through August) mark the driest period, averaging about an inch (25mm) of rain per month, while November through January average some 6in (150mm) each month - hardly the deluge the rumors lead us to expect. Winter low temperatures hover around 35 F (2 C), and summer highs seldom surpass 85 F (30 C), so really anytime of fine as far as the weather's concerned. The prime tourist seasons seem to be whenever the city's at its driest.  Portland's festivals seem to stack up, one atop the other, during the summertime, although one of the big draws for young hipsters, the North by Northwest (NXNW) music fest, doesn't come around until fall.     Events  The city's doyen of festivals and its oldest civic event is the Portland Rose Festival, held in early June. The beautiful floral display at the International Rose Test Gardens is the nominal excuse for nearly two weeks of festivities, but the real focus of events are the parades (the Grand Floral is the second-largest floral parade in the nation), the riverfront carnival, immense naval ships docked right downtown and the crowning of the Rose Queen.  Portland's most important and noted musical festival is the Chamber Music Northwest series, a season of chamber music concerts held at both Reed College campus and at Catlin-Gable School. In early July, the Waterfront Blues Festival brings life to downtown's riverside park. In early August, the Mt Hood Jazz Festival attracts nationally recognized artists to Mt Hood Community College in Gresham, 12mi (20km) east of Portland. The latest alternative rock bands hit Portland in mid-September for North by Northwest (NXNW), a spinoff of the famous South by Southwest music festival in Austin, Texas. Over 200 bands from across the US and Canada converge for a wicked weekend of nonstop gigging.  Portland's Gay Pride Parade & Celebration takes place in late June and attracts 10,000 participants. In late July, the region's brewers take over the waterfront festival grounds for the Oregon Brewers Festival. Stay late for live music. A celebration of Portland's restaurants, The Bite, takes place in August on the Waterfront. Eat your fill and then rock out to local bands late into the night.  Public Holidays include: New Year's Day (January 1), Martin Luther King Jr Day (third Monday in January), Presidents' Day (third Monday in February), Easter (late March or April), Memorial Day (last Monday in May), Independence Day (July 4), Labor Day (first Monday in September), Columbus Day (second Monday in October), Veterans' Day (November 11), Thanksgiving (fourth Thursday in November), and Christmas Day (December 25).    