 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Most western visitors don't need a visa to visit Canada. Travelers from South Africa, China, North Korea, Taiwan, Eastern European and developing countries do require them. Entry stamps for visits of up to six months are free.Health risks: Giardia, Rabies and Lyme Disease (in wooded regions)Time: There are six time zones ranging from Newfoundland Standard Time in the East (GMT/UTC -3.5) to Pacific Standard Time in the West (GMT/UTC -8). During Daylight Saving Time (Apr-Oct), the range is -2.5 to -7)Electricity: 110/120V 60HzWeights & measures: MetricTourism: 50 million visitors (approx) per year, 90% of whom are US citizens When to Go  Spring, summer and autumn are all ideal for touring, though if you want to ski you'll naturally have to come in winter or early spring. For campers and those who want to visit the far north, the summer months of July and August are best. Summer is also when many of the country's festivals take place. Note that the peak tourist season is between mid-June and mid-September. Although spring and autumn have fewer crowds, lower prices and a more relaxed pace than the summer months, some visitor-oriented facilities and attractions may be closed during these shoulder seasons.     Events  The Quebec City Winter Carnival, which takes place during the last two weeks of February, features parades, ice sculptures, a snow slide, dances and music. Ottawa's three-week Winterlude fetes all things snowy in February. The Montreal Jazz Festival at the end of June and the Ottawa International Jazz Festival in July both attract international and local players. Two major events in Toronto held in June are Caribana, a cultural exchange offering ethnic music, dance and food, and the Gay Pride Day Parade through the downtown area. In September, there's the Toronto International Film Festival. Calgary hosts the popular Calgary Stampede in July, the highlight of which is the chuck wagon race and rodeo. In the west, Victoria celebrates the First Peoples' Festival in August with traditional craftwork, dancing and war-canoe rides.   Public holidays January 1 - New Year's Day 3rd Monday in February - Family Day (Alberta) Monday nearest March 17 - St Patrick's Day (Newfoundland) March/April - Good Friday & Easter Monday Monday nearest April 23 - St George's Day (Newfoundland) Monday before May 24 - Victoria Day (except in the Atlantic Provinces) June 24 - F te Nationale (Quebec) Monday nearest June 24 - Discovery Day (Newfoundland) Monday nearest July 13 - Orangeman's Day (Newfoundland) 1st Monday in August - Civic Holiday 3rd Monday in August - Discovery Day (Yukon) 1st Monday in September - Labor Day 2nd Monday in October - Thanksgiving November 11 - Remembrance Day December 25 - Christmas Day December 26 - Boxing Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to CanadaTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services