 Attractions  Independence Park is an L-shaped area west of the Delaware River that features Philadelphia's most renowned historical sites. Called the birthplace of American government, Independence Hall was built between 1732 and 1756 as Pennsylvania State House, the colony's headquarters. One of the country's best examples of Georgian architecture, its simple, understated lines also show the Quaker influence of Philadelphia's early days. The Second Continental Congress later met here from 1775 to 1783. The Assembly Room is where the delegates from the 13 colonies met to approve the Declaration of Independence on 4 July 1776; where the design of the US flag was agreed upon in 1777; where the Articles of the Confederation were drafted in 1781; and where the Constitutional Convention was held in 1787, producing the US Constitution.  Beside Pennsylvania State House is Congress Hall, where the US Congress met between 1790 and 1800 when Philadelphia was the nation's capital. Here, the Bill of Rights, the first 10 amendments, were added to the Constitution, the US Mint was established, George Washington was inaugurated for his second term and Kentucky, Tennessee and Vermont were admitted to the Union. Nearby, Independence Square is where the Declaration of Independence was read publicly for the first time on 8 July 1776.   Liberty Bell Pavilion is Philadelphia's top tourist attraction. Commissioned to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Charter of Privileges (Pennsylvania's constitution, enacted in 1701 by William Penn) this 2080lb (936kg) bronze bell's inscription reads: 'Proclaim liberty through all the land, to all the inhabitants thereof.' The bell was secured in the belfry of Independence Hall and tolled on important occasions, most notably the first public reading of the Declaration of Independence in Independence Square. The bell became badly cracked during the 19th century; despite initial repairs it eventually became unusable in 1846 after tolling for George Washington's birthday.  Near to Independence Hall is Franklin Court, Ben Franklin's home and workplace. An underground museum on the site displays Franklin's various inventions, including a heat-efficient stove to warm houses. The National Portrait Gallery was the second bank of the US until 1836, when it was dissolved by President Andrew Jackson. It now houses several pieces of art by Charles Wilson Peale, America's top portraitist at the time of the American Revolution. Other exhibits include a copy of the first edition of the Declaration of Independence and early prints of Philadelphia from when it was the nation's capital.  