 Activities  The world-class skiing and snowboarding available at several nearby Rocky Mountain resorts are a big part of Denver's winter persona. Powder junkies from around the world descend on Vail each winter, making it the most visited ski resort in the United States. Denver's daytrippers are just as likely to hit nearby Eldora and Loveland for their dose of downhill. Loveland also boasts extensive cross-country trails, which make for excellent telemarking. For those who find a single season not nearly enough time to play in the snow, there's always the permanent snow field at 11,000ft (3300m) St Mary's Glacier, a few hours' drive west of Denver. Those with wheels of their own can reach Loveland Basin, 56 miles (90km) west of Denver, via I-70. Carless skiers can catch private shuttles that run from Denver's hotels and airport; many of Vail's resorts run airport shuttles that are free to guests.  Its location at the foot of the Rockies makes Denver a magnet for hiking enthusiasts. The 500 mile (805km) Colorado Trail starts at Chatfield Reservoir, 10 miles (16km) south of Denver, and enters the Rocky Mountains along the South Platte River. On its way to Durango in southwestern Colorado, it crosses eight mountain ranges, seven national forests, six wilderness areas and five river systems. Eliciting less commitment, day hikes to the 9700ft (2900m) Devil's Head Lookout in the forested Rampart Range, 30 miles (50km) southwest of Denver, are popular with those who like a good workout before settling into a picnic. In a little over a mile, you can climb almost 1000ft (300m) to the fire lookout, which offers a commanding view of Spanish Peaks to the south, Mt Evans to the north, South Park to the west and the Eastern Plains.  Denver's flat terrain and wide streets make bicycling easy, though intrepid road riders will find more intriguing loops beginning in Golden and in nearby parklands that offer offroad riding opportunities. Matthews/Winters Park, a short drive west of Denver along Hwy 26, is a favorite local mountain biking destination. A further 20 miles (32km) southwest, the USFS South Platte Ranger District offers about 40 miles (64km) of bike trails in the Buffalo Creek Mountain Bike Area. For maps and information on the trails and road loops, two good resources are Len Newton's Mountain Bike Rides: South Platte Ranger District and the Colorado Division of Parks and Recreation's free North Front Range map of urban trails. There's a Denver Metro Bike Routes map in the Denver phone book.  Castlewood Canyon State Park, 25 miles (40km) south of Denver, is a popular rock climbing area. The vertical rock faces at Boulder's Eldorado Canyon State Park offer Class 5.6 to 5.9 climbs, but be sure to steer clear of the peregrine and prairie falcons nests on the walls unless you want some attention from park rangers. No-bolt sport climbing is available on the three Flatirons, reached via hiking trails from Chautauqua Park close to Boulder.  Clear Creek offers exciting Class III white-water rafting for 15 miles (24km) between Idaho Springs and Golden, plus challenging Class IV rapids from May to October. Half-day trips for intermediate rafters aged 16 years or over can be organized with rafting companies in Denver.  