 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: With an onward ticket visitors from almost anywhere - except countries not recognised by South Korea (Cuba, Laos & Cambodia) - can stay in the country for 30 days without a visa. If you're from Western Europe or Canada, you can get up to 90 days visa-free. Everyone else has to extend after their first 30 days. Extensions last for around 90 days, and if you know you're going to need one it's worth getting it before you leave home.Health risks: No particular risks, but you should consider vaccinations for hepatitis, typhoid, polio, tetanus & diphtheriaTime:GMT/UTC plus nine hoursCountry code: 82International dialling code: 001Electricity: 110/220V, 60 HzWeights & measures: MetricUseful Contacts:Ambulance: 119Fire: 119Police: 112English Operator: 080-211 0114Korea National Tourism Organisation (KNTO): www.visitkorea.or.kr When to Go  Korea has four distinct seasons, with a wet monsoon/summer in the middle of the year, and a very cold winter from November to March. Jeju-do off the south coast is the warmest and wettest place in the country.  If you possibly can, time your visit to South Korea for autumn (September to November). It's sunny, the skies are blue, and Korea's spectacular autumn foliage is a real draw. Winter is cold but dry, and a good time to visit if you like skiing, snow-draped temples, a dearth of tourists and crisp (ie below freezing) weather. Spring (April to May) can be beautiful, but it's also the most popular time with Japanese tourists and you'll have trouble getting mid to top-end accommodation. Summer is hot, muggy, crowded, wet, typhoon-prone and expensive.     Events  The first day of the first moon is Seollal (lunar new year; January/February), when South Korea grinds to a halt. The Cherry Blossom Festival in Jinhae in the province of Gyeongsangnam-do usually falls in early April (if the weather and trees cooperate). Lantern parades are held for Buddha's Birthday, celebrated in late April or early May. In Seoul, there is an evening parade from Yeo-eui-do Plaza to Jogyesa on the Sunday prior to the actual holiday. June sees processions of shamans and mask dances at the Dano Festival, and in September the National Folk Arts Festival showcases Korean culture. South Korea's biggest holiday is Chuseok ('Korean Thanksgiving'). At this time (September/October), cities throughout the country empty as people return to their family homes to pay homage to their ancestors.    