 When to Go  Toronto has a warm summer (June-early October) filled with festivals and events, making it the best time to visit. July and August can get muggy, however. Many visitor-oriented facilities, attractions and accommodations reduce hours or close outside of summer, but the ones that remain open almost always have reduced rates and smaller crowds. Toronto gets downright frosty in winter (November-March), with cold spells averaging between 2 and minus-10 C (35-14 F). Luckily, indoor arts (symphonies, theater, opera) and sporting events (especially ice hockey) are at their liveliest during the snowy season.     Events  All of Toronto's main festivals and events take place between May and October, when there's little chance of snow and plenty of light by which to see them. The Toronto International Powwow, held at the Skydome in the middle of May, is a two-day event celebrating Native Indian culture with dancers, costumes and crafts. Summertime abounds with festivals, beginning with mid-June's Caravan, a nine-day cultural exchange between the city's ethnic groups. The annual Gay Pride Week culminates in an outrageous out-of-the-closet parade on Church St. The excellent Du Maurier Downtown Jazz Festival attracts local and international players in June and early July. With scarcely a beat lost, Toronto's music scene segues neatly into the Great Canadian Blues & BBQ Festival, enlivening the Harbourfront in early July.  Also in July, flags drop at the Molson Indy, Toronto's only major car race, and the Fringe Theatre Festival raises its curtains. In August Caribana, an ever-growing Caribbean festival, celebrates with a weekend of reggae, steel drum and calypso music and dance. Its finale, and main attraction, is a huge Rio-esque parade. Come September, the internationally renowned Toronto International Film Festival has cinema buffs swooning in the aisles. And for the bookish at heart, the Harbourfront International Festival of Authors, also usually held in September, is the largest literary event of its kind anywhere.  The major public holidays are New Year's Day (January 1), Easter (April), Victoria Day (May 21), Canada Day (July 1), Simcoe Day (August 6), Labour Day (September 3), Canadian Thanksgiving (October 8), Remembrance Day (November 11) and Christmas and Boxing Day (December 25-26).    