 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Conditions of entry are the same as those for the rest of the USA. Most visitors require a visa. However, Canadians need only proof of citizenship and citizens of the UK, New Zealand, Japan, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Portugal, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland can stay up to 90 days without a visa. Remember to collect appropriate documentation to re-enter the US if you leave via Canada.Health risks: Giardia, hypothermia, motion sickness, rabies, sunburn & windburnTime: UTC minus 9 hoursElectricity: 110/120V, 60HzWeights & measures: ImperialTourism: 1.1 million visitors per year When to Go  From June through August is when travelers like to range throughout the state, making the most of the 'warmer' temperatures. The peak weeks - from early July through mid-August - tend to attract colossal crowds to popular sites like Denali National Park and the Kenai Peninsula. Travel during the 'shoulder season' - May and September - offers not only mild weather, but also a good chance for off-season discounts on accommodation and transportation. Most Alaskan festivals and events take place during the summer periods of 24-hour daylight.  For the most part, the Alcan (Alaska Highway) can be driven throughout September and early October without too much fear of being holed up by blizzards. But you should still equip yourself for some cold, rainy weather. Arriving in Alaska in late April is possible in the Southeast and the Kenai Peninsula, but the Interior is usually still elbow deep in slush and mud. During October, the Southeast and Southcentral regions are pelted with rain most of the time, while in the Interior and Fairbanks there will be snow. The state is attempting to attract more visitors during the winter months (November through February) by promoting skiing and dog-sledding trips, and the prominence of the Northern Lights at this time of year; -50 F (-45 C) temperatures are the fine-print warnings.     Events  Alaskans are a celebratory people, especially in the summer when 24-hour daylight turns the most sober and sane into the most blithering and bonkers. Most towns have Summer Solstice (June 21st) festivities. The festival in Fairbanks is one of the most popular, making the most of nearly 23 hours of sun to stage a midnight baseball game. Sitka lets off June summer steam with log-chopping, axe-tossing and tree-climbing competitions. Independence Day (July 4) is a very popular holiday with celebrations of particular note in Ketchikan and Anchorage, including parades, contests and softball games, all rounded off with impressive firework displays. On the second weekend in July, Talkeetna is the proud host of the Moose Dropping Festival, a high-class bash popular with second-class shot-putters wondering why dropping-tossing isn't an Olympic event. Golden Days in Fairbanks in late July celebrates the discovery of gold with parades and sports, giving a chance to the less athletic in events like the Hairy Legs Contest.    