 When to Go  It's best to visit Albuquerque in the shoulder seasons of spring and fall, since summer temperatures can reach 100 F (37 C). Even at the height of summer though, cottonwood trees shade city streets and the nights tend to be cool and forgiving, making the weather in Albuquerque friendlier than in many other places in the Southwest. Of course, if you're a skier, the season in the nearby mountain resorts runs roughly from late November to late March. The biggest events in town take place in September and October.     Events  The New Mexico State Fair comes to town in the second week of September and runs for two weeks. It's widely regarded as one of the finest in the United States. Attractions include the PRCA rodeos, Native American dances, live music, thoroughbred horseracing, midway rides, livestock demonstrations and an unusually wide variety of foods. The city's other major event is the International Balloon Festival, which attracts almost a million spectators over nine days in October. There's a variety of events and competitions, but the most magical time is after sunset, when hundreds of huge balloons are internally illuminated and hover over the festival grounds like giant Chinese lanterns.  Always wanted to go to a powwow? Try the Gathering of the Nations Powwow, featuring dance competitions, displays of Native American arts & crafts and the 'Miss Indian World' contest. The powwow is held in late April in that most traditional of venues - the University of New Mexico indoor sports arena. Replicas of patron saints are paraded through the streets amid much brouhaha and traditional New Mexican entertainments on Founders Day (on the closest Saturday to 23 April), which celebrates the city's settlement in 1706. Throughout the summer, the city holds a whole swag of outdoor concerts - these include SummerFest, Zoo Music, and the Jazz and Salsa Under the Stars series.  Public holidays include New Year's Day (1 January), Martin Luther King Day (third Monday in January), Presidents Day (third Monday in February), Memorial Day (last Monday in May), Independence Day (4 July), Labor Day (first Monday in September), Columbus Day (second Monday in October), Veterans Day (11 November), Thanksgiving Day (fourth Thursday in November) and Christmas Day (25 December). Admission Day, although not a formal public holiday, is observed on 6 January.    