 Attractions  P'yongyang is a superb example of the regime's determination to project its image of progress, discipline and the well being of its citizens. Don't expect a bustling Asian capital alive with street hawkers and televisions being carried on the backs of bicycles. Don't even expect bicycles. It is said that only those with the proper 'class background' and proven records of unswerving loyalty to the country's leaders are even allowed to live there, and until recently people with disabilities, the very old, animals, street vendors and even pregnant women were just never seen.  The city is built around the banks of the Taedong River. The most amazing thing about the river is the two mid-river fountains that rise to a height of 150m, reputedly the highest in the world. Your first day out in the city will undoubtedly be a guided tour by car. One of the main monuments is the Tower of the Juche Idea, a 170m (557ft) high needle on the east bank of the Taedong. You will also surely be taken to see the Arch of Triumph, which marks the spot where Kim Il-sung made his rallying speech after the Japanese were routed. You'll be reminded that it is fully three metres taller than its counterpart in Paris.  The Kim Il-sung Stadium is one of the world's largest, and the Chollima Statue, a bronze Pegasus representing the high-speed progress of the North's reconstruction, are both worth a look. There is a generous handful of museums and monuments to Kim Il-sung and the Revolution, but you may wish to see more traditional sights, such as two of the old city gates, the Chilsong and Taedong Gates. The State Circus, run by the People's Army, is housed in a large circular building, and upon entering you'll probably be treated to the spectacle of the whole audience turning their heads as one to stare at the foreigners. You should also definitely visit a metro station if you get the opportunity, if only to gawk at the extravagance with which they were built. They are adorned with bronze sculptures, murals, mosaics and chandeliers, and the pillars, steps, corridors and platforms are marble.  Accommodation is expensive, although the price of wherever you choose to stay is included in your tour charge. You'll most likely be pressured to stay at the deluxe P'yongyang Koryo Hotel, a 45-storey tower with a revolving restaurant on top. It has 500 rooms, and given the small number of tourists, you should have little trouble making reservations. There are other deluxe hotels, but most are not as conveniently located - the Koryo is a five minute walk from the railway station. The most popular C class hotel is the Changgwangsan Hotel, less than 2km (about 1mi) from the station. You'll most likely eat at your hotel, but you can arrange with your guide to eat elsewhere.  