 When to Go  Opinions vary, but many locals say late spring (April and May) and early summer (June and July) are the best times to come, as rainfall starts to taper off and the humidity isn't peaking. In July, the average daytime temperature is a sweltering 94 F (34 C), but humidity is at its lowest level of the year. Humidity is highest in October, when it can be 93% at the crack of dawn. If you want to catch the rodeo, plan on coming in late February or early March. Houston gets crowded during the many festivals and events in April.     Events  The Houston Livestock Show & Rodeo goes for 17 days from mid-February to March. Big name cowboys ride bulls and broncs in the Astrodome, followed by big name country music acts in the exhibit halls next door. This event is well worth seeking out if you want to two-step right into Texas culture. April's Houston International Festival is a multicultural celebration of food, art and music that lasts for 10 days beginning the third week of the month. Events are held all over the city and include the Houston International Film Festival. Also in April, the Westheimer Colony Arts Festival shows off the Montrose District at its flamboyant best, with blocks of booths selling arts, antiques, food and items that defy classification. There's usually a parade or two to keep the nipple-ringed residents amused. Dates vary and the event repeats in October.   Juneteenth is a multiday celebration around 19 June, the day in 1865 when word reached Texas that the slaves had been emancipated. Events include gospel and blues festivals and other celebrations of local African-American culture. Fiestas Patrias features a parade, ball and music celebrating Mexican Independence Day on 16 September.   Public Holidays: 1 January - New Year's Day 19 January - Confederate Heroes Day Third Monday in January - Martin Luther King Jr Day Third Monday in February - Presidents' Day 2 March - Texas Independence Day Late March or April - Easter 21 April - San Jacinto Day Last Monday in May - Memorial Day 19 June - Texas Emancipation Day 4 July - Independence Day 27 August - Lyndon Baines Johnson Day First Monday in September - Labor Day Second Monday in October - Columbus Day 11 November - Veterans' Day Fourth Thursday in November - Thanksgiving 25 December - Christmas Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to HoustonTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services