 When to Go  New York is a year-round destination, so there isn't really an 'off-season' when local prices drop substantially. Winter bargains are sometimes available for airfares to the city and some major hotels offer packages during the slower months from January to mid-March.  If you want to base your decision solely on the weather, generally the nicest and most temperate time to visit is from mid-September to mid-October along with all of May and early June. Unfortunately, as these months are popular with tourists, hotel prices are scaled accordingly.     Events  Hardly a week goes by without a special event taking place in New York. In fact, there are some 50 officially recognized parades each year, along with more than 400 street fairs. Most of these fairs offer a rather unremarkable selection of fast-food stands, house plants, athletic socks and cheap belts, however, so don't go out of your way. Times Square's New Year's Eve festivities are probably the most famous in the world; less popular is the 5 mile (8km) midnight run in Central Park. On 5 January, thousands of children wander up 5th Ave, in a cavalcade of sheep, camels and donkeys, for the Three Kings Parade. The St Patrick's Day Parade down 5th Ave on 17 March has been held every year for 200 years.  In mid-May the International Food Fair clogs 9th Ave, while in June Tibetan Monks discuss transcendental matters in Central Park as part of Change Your Mind Day. The JVC Jazz Festival is also held in June, as is the free NY Shakespeare Festival, where some of the screen's biggest stars do the bard in Central Park.  On 4 July, Macy's sponsors an Independence Day fireworks spectacle in the East River. The city's premier black neighborhood celebrates Harlem Week in August, and on Labor Day over one million people take part in the Caribbean Day parade in Brooklyn, the biggest single event for the year. The New York Film Festival also takes place in September. Macy's Thanksgiving Parade in November is always popular, and for more festive cheer don't miss the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree Lighting on the following Tuesday.    