 Attractions  Seoul is mega-modern and appealingly ancient. Flattened in the Korean War, most of the city has been rebuilt since the 1950s. Peeking out from among the 12-lane freeways, overshadowed by high-rises, Seoul has a hidden history of centuries-old temples, palaces, pagodas and pleasure gardens. It also has cheap accommodation, excellent public transport and cultural experiences aplenty, and that's why most visitors to South Korea never get past its city limits. The Han River bisects the city, with Jung-gu the central district, Jongno-gu (with most of the budget hotels and sights) to the north, and Itaewon (packed full of shops, bars and nightlife) just south of the city centre.  Seoul is justifiably famous for its palaces. Gyeongbokgung Palace is the best known. Built at the beginning of the Joseon dynasty, most of the 500 buildings in the palace grounds were destroyed when the Japanese invaded. Reconstructed in the late 19th century, destroyed again in the Korean War, the palace and its grounds have now been entirely restored once more. The palace is actually several buildings, including one of the most exquisite pagodas in the country and an enormous two-storey throne room. The National Folk Museum in the grounds of the palace is dedicated to showing how ordinary Koreans have lived through the ages. Another palace highlight is Changgyeonggung Palace, built in 1104. Once the rulers' summer palace, the Japanese downgraded Changgyeonggung to a park, but there are still plenty of Goryeo dynasty drawcards, including astronomical instruments, a botanical garden and stone bridges. Cross a footbridge from the palace and you're at the Jongmyo Shrine, where the ancestral tablets of all 27 Joseon dynasty kings are enshrined.  If a bit of a chat with the locals is what you're after, head southwest of Changgyeonggung to Tapgol Park, where crowds of friendly elderly folk sit around talking about the weather. This is where the Declaration of Independence was first read in 1919, and murals around the park are dedicated to the independence movement. The park is named after the marble pagoda ( tapgol) in its grounds. The city's other great park is Namsan, south of the city centre. The third tallest tower in the world, the Seoul Tower is within the park, and it's packed full of tourist fun - aquarium, games room and all-important observation deck. For a more sobering tourist experience, try the War Memorial northwest of the Yongsan military base, touted as one of the best museums in Seoul.  National Treasure No 1 is the Namdaemun Gate, once Seoul's chief city gate. The gate, built in the 14th century, is near Seoul train station. Its solidity and calm elegance make it an island in a sea of traffic. In complete contrast, Lotte World is mall culture gone mad. South of the river, this entertainment complex has its own ice skating rink, hotel, swimming pool and Disney-clone Lotte World Adventure - hours of family fun. The city centre is your best bet for budget accommodation, while Jung-gu has most of the mid-range places. Touristy Itaewon is where the moneyed traveller will find digs to suit. You can grab a cheap Korean feed from the basements of department stores in the city centre, but if you can't deal with gimchi for breakfast, 7-Elevens all over the city will sell you coffee and doughnuts. Those longing to dance the night away should head to Itaewon or Gangnam. If a quiet drink is more your style, Seoul's best pubs cluster around Sinchon subway station.  