 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Conditions of entry are the same as those for the USA. Most visitors require a visa. However, Canadians need only proof of citizenship and citizens of the UK, New Zealand, Japan, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland can stay up to 90 days without a visa.Time: GMT/UTC minus 10 hoursTelephone Area Code: 808Electricity: 110/120V, 60Hz When to Go   When it comes to the best time to visit Molokai, you can choose between the perfect and the near-perfect. All year round, Molokai hovers at a balmy and constant 75 F (24 C), rarely moving far in either direction. In the spring, summer and fall the temperature drops a bit after sundown for pleasant evenings cooled by winds off the ocean. From April to November there's barely a shower. December to March is the wettest time of the year, but even then your paradise sojourn should only occasionally be threatened by a tiny touch of 'weather'.     Events   In mid January Molokai stands up for all things traditional and Hawaiian by hosting the Ka Moloka'I Makahiki, or Ancient Hawaiian Games. This week-long celebration features native Hawaiian sports and events, including an outrigger-canoe fishing contest. Prince Kuhio Day, on 26 March, is a national celebration when Molokai and the rest of Hawaii honors Hawaii's first delegate to the US Congress with music, song and dance. Lei Day in May is a rhyme too good to pass up and a national holiday; schools all across the state celebrate with outdoor hula dancing, singing, and lei making competitions.  In mid May, the Molokai Ka Hula Piko festival celebrates Molokai pride as the birthplace of hula dancing with displays of traditional and modern hula. The Molokai Challenge, held in late May, is a 32-mile (52km) kayak race across the treacherous Kaiwi Channel, from Kaluakoi Resort to Kok Marina in Oahu. In September the Aloha Festivals Parade is followed by Drag Races down Kaunakakai's main street. The Na Molokai Hoe, held in October, is Hawaii's major outrigger-canoe race, attracting teams from all over the world, who take off shortly after sunrise on Molokai and finish at Waikiki's Fort DeRussy Beach about five eight hours later.    