 Attractions  The Upper Town is where the old fortified part of Quebec City - the enchanting and exceedingly tourist-friendly Old Town - chooses to live. The main structure in this wall-encircled chunk of historical real estate is La Citadelle, a hefty asymmetrical fort that began to take its irregular shape when the French started building storage facilities for gunpowder in 1750, and which was completed 70 years later by the British as they readied themselves for an American attack. Nowadays, The Citadel is home to a long-serving Canadian regiment called the Royal 22s and also to several military museums. Stretching southwest of the fort is the 108-hectare (267-acre) Battlefields Park (Parc des Champs de Bataille), a pleasant swathe of green that caters to in-line skaters, cyclists, skiers and strollers. The large slice of turf nearest the cliffs is called the Plains of Abraham and it was here that the British won a famous victory over the French in 1759. Also inside the park boundary is the Musee du Quebec, with a highly regarded collection of provincial art from the likes of painter Jean-Paul Riopelle and sculptor Louis-Philippe Hebert.  There are several theologically rich sites in the Upper Town, including the Ursuline Convent & Museum, a restored estate that invites sightseers into the 17th and 18th-century lives of the Ursuline sisterhood; the Musee des Augustines, which concerns itself with the efforts of three pioneering nuns who offered salvation to a harsh Quebec in 1639; and the handsome Anglican Cathedral of the Holy Trinity, built in 1804 to a template provided by London's St Martin in the Fields. Le Ch teau Frontenac is a glorious landmark hotel with a stately medieval tower, built to service the luxurious demands of late 19th-century clientele and still accommodating wealthy patrons into the 21st. Behind the hotel is Terrasse Dufferin, a crowded cliff-top esplanade where Quebec City pedestrians sociably collide. If you want to see more of the Old Town, it's possible to do a 4.6km (2.8mi) circumnavigation of the district along the tops of the weathered ramparts that encircle it.  