 When to Go  Colorado's climate is influenced by its semiarid tendencies as well as its mid-continental location, which accounts for a huge variety in daily thermometer readings. The Rocky Mountains act as a barrier intercepting much of the west-born moisture, temperatures plummet with height gains, and weather up in these climes is, for lack of a more helpful work, unpredictable.  When to go really depends on why you're going. If you want Aspen for the sheer love of the white stuff, you can usually count on some degree of ski- or snowboard-able terrain from mid-December to early April. January is the coldest month, with temperatures as low as 8 F (-13 C) and as 'high' as 35 F (2 C). Average annual snowfall can be up to 15ft (4.6m), but that figure jumps to up to 25ft (7.6m) around the ski resorts. Sometimes flakes drop as late as June and as early as September. Summertime isn't any more predictable, and in the midst of a pleasant day, violent thunderstorms can sweep through at the turn of a head. July and August temps can reach 75-80 Fs (23-26 C), but nights are still chilly. However, note that all year-round, when the sun is out its rays are intense; arm your skin with sunscreen before heading outdoors.     Events  Those who know that a half-pipe isn't something you'd smoke might want to check out the heart-racing stunts of the International Snowboard Federation's World Pro Tour at Buttermilk in January. Later in the month, the Gay and Lesbian Film Festival rests your legs but moves your mind. And, if you're not already too sore, get a dose of belly-laughing at the US Comedy Arts Festival at the end of February. There's always something going on in the summer, so you shouldn't be bored, particularly if you stop by the Snowmass Village Rodeo, Wednesday and Saturday nights from late June to late August. Also running June to August, the Aspen Music Festival symphonizes the city with opera, chamber music and orchestral concerts. Always the star of summer, Independence Day is done with flair in Aspen, which celebrates with a parade, fireworks, a bicycle rodeo for children and an air force sky show. Dance Aspen moves through with performances ranging from ballet to modern acts in July and August. Come September, summer starts its wind-down with the Aspen Filmfest.    