 When to Go  Atlanta's weather is mild for much of the year, though July and August tend to be steamy and hot and the area does get snow in December and January. Spring and fall are the best times to visit weather-wise. Bear in mind that thousands of students arrive in late August and early September to attend the area's many colleges - which is good if you're looking to party but bad if you need a hotel room.     Events  The new year kicks off with the Peachbowl Parade down Peachtree St, and a gridiron gruntfest called - you guessed it - the Peach Bowl. Favorite son and Nobel laureate Martin Luther King Jr is feted during King Week, culminating on the anniversary of his birth, 15 January.  Those whose hearts belong to Dixie should visit during the last week of March, when Atlanta's prewar and Confederate days are fondly recalled during the Antebellum Jubilee. You can vibrate to the many rhythms of the Midtown Music Fest, held in mid-May. There's nothing like hearing 'To be or not to be' delivered with a southern drawl, and you can do just that during June's Georgia Shakespeare Festival.  In mid-September, it's back to Stone Mountain for the Yellow Daisy Festival, where the daisy-related arts and crafts will have you singing along with 2001's HAL. Atlanta's yuletide revels include the Festival of Trees, where you can bid on a fully decorated tree.   Public Holidays: 1 January - New Year's Day 19 January - Robert E Lee's Birthday Third Monday in January - Martin Luther King Jr Day Third Monday in February - Presidents' Day Late March or April - Easter 26 April - Confederate Memorial Day Last Monday in May - Memorial Day 4 July - Independence Day First Monday in August - Colorado Day First Monday in September - Labor Day Second Monday in October - Columbus Day 11 November - Veterans' Day Fourth Thursday in November - Thanksgiving 25 December - Christmas Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to AtlantaTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services