 Attractions  This 10-acre (4-hectare) block surrounded by 15ft (4.5m) high white walls is the geographical and spiritual heart of Salt Lake City. Within it are some of the most important Mormon buildings, including the Temple, the Tabernacle and the Assembly Hall. Even if you're not that interested in the Church of Latter-day Saints, it's worth visiting Temple Square for the architecture alone.  Unless you're a practicing Mormon, you'll have to admire the Temple from outside. Built between 1853 and 1893, this impressive edifice was open to 'Gentiles' (non-Mormons) only for a few days after its completion and then closed to everybody except members of the faith. Take note of the golden statue of the angel Moroni standing atop the 210ft (63m) central spire. According to Church beliefs, in the 1820s the angel appeared to Joseph Smith, a New York farmer, and revealed the word of God. The Big Guy's words were inscribed on golden tablets and written in an ancient but unknown language, which Mr Smith translated using 'stone spectacles' supplied by said angel. After Smith finished the translation, published in 1830 as the Book of Mormon, the golden tablets were whisked away by Moroni and have not been seen since.  Non-Mormons can enter the domed Tabernacle, opposite the Temple, and you'd be a fool not to if your visit coincides with an organ recital or a performance or rehearsal of the famous Mormon Tabernacle Choir. The Tabernacle, built between 1863 and 1867, has stunning acoustic properties, as tour guides love to demonstrate by proving that you can hear a pin drop on the stage even when sitting in the cheap seats at the back. Imagine, then, the effect of a 11,623 pipe organ and a zealous choir giving their vocal chords a workout. Organ recitals generally take place around lunchtime Monday to Saturday, and the choir performs on Sunday morning and rehearses Thursday evening.  South of the Tabernacle is the Assembly Hall, which has a smaller organ and also hosts concerts. Near Temple Square is the Museum of Church History and Art, which has impressive exhibits of pioneer history and a collection of fine art. Next door is the Family History Library, the largest genealogical library and research facility in the world. Non-Mormons can use the facility to search for their roots. Completed in 2000, the church's Conference Center is a daunting granite edifice with walkways and waterfalls cascading down the front; from the four-acre rooftop garden you can take the measure of Temple Square and the entire valley.  Temple Square has two visitors centers containing religious paintings and murals, exhibits about the Book of Mormon and photographs of the interior of the Temple. Free guided tours of the square are conducted by Mormon missionaries.  