 When to Go  The sun shines on Scottsdale a whopping 85% of daylight hours. You don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out this may have something to do with its prime location, in the heart of Arizona's 'Valley of the Sun'. This makes Scottsdale a safe bet if you want to catch some rays. The climate is wonderfully toasty in the winter, although in the summer months the temperature can call forth such epithets as 'scorching' and 'sizzling'. Those with a low heat tolerance threshold should give Scottsdale a wide berth in July and August, but otherwise anytime is the best time to go west.     Events  Scottsdale likes to show off its Western affinities at the annual Parada del Sol, which features livestock reputed to be some of the most beautiful in the West. This is not a double entendre of dubious taste: we're talking cattle and horses, here, folks. Proximity to Hollywood and an embarassment of golf course riches combine in the annual MTX/Alice Cooper Celebrity Am, which raises money for underprivileged kids. Scottsdale is not short of music festivals. In January, the Bird's Nest Music Fest, coinciding with the Phoenix Open Gold Tournament, takes place in a gigantic tent that can accommodate an audience of up to 8,000.  For 25 years, the Paradise Valley Jazz Festival has attracted swingers to Scottsdale every April. The event is famous for its laid-back atmosphere, where musicians mingle with the audiences. In February, the Scottsdale Arabian Horse Show has more than 1700 Arabian and half-Arabian horses competing for glory. Also held in February is the Scottsdale Fine Arts and Chocolate Festival, where over 150 artists gather in the pavilions, and visitors stuff their faces with chocolate and feast the eyes on contemporary art. In March, the US West National Festival of the West is a wannabe cowboy's four-day dream come true. It's been rated as one of the calendar's best Western events. Finally, in November, the Thunderbird Balloon Classic is a spectacular sightfor those avid enough to face the bracing dawn chill, or else wait until dusk, when the balloons float over the sky while onlookers marvel below with musical accompaniment.    