 When to Go  Honolulu is a great place to visit any time of year. Although Hawaii's busiest tourist season is during winter (December to February), this has more to do with the weather elsewhere, since many visitors are snowbirds escaping cold winters back home. Average temperatures differ very little from winter to summer. June through October is the hottest period, while rainfall is heaviest between December and March - neither extreme is worth worrying over. Daily temperatures in Honolulu average a high of 84 F (29 C) and a low of 70 F (22 C). Hotel prices are lowest between April and mid-December.  If you're a surfer, you won't want to miss the Christmas-time action around Oahu's North Shore, but if windsurfing or diving is more your thing, you'll find the waters at their calmest at the height of summer (July and August).     Events  Hawaiians love to shake a leg, and you can join in at a large number of festivals and events. New Year's Eve is jump-started with 'explosive' street parties and parades in Honolulu, as is Chinese New Year in late January or early February. The Japanese community shines throughout February with the Cherry Blossom Festival, then the Irish get their turn with a Waikiki St Patrick's Day parade on 17 March. One of Honolulu's quirkier festivals, the International Bed Race, sees some offbeat four-wheeling in late April. All Hawaiians get leid on 1 May, Lei Day, and again on 11 June, King Kamehameha Day - the latter is a state holiday.  Honolulu has two hula festivals in June and July: the King Kamehameha Hula & Chant Competition and the Prince Lot Hula festival. In August, the Hawaiian Slack-Key Guitar Festival and Ka Himeni Ana - an old-style Hawaiian singing contest - celebrate Hawaiian contributions to the world of music. Sports nuts get an eyeful with the Bankoh Kayak Challenge in May, the Transpacific Yacht Race in July, and major women's and men's outrigger canoe races in September and October, respectively. The Honolulu Marathon is run in mid-December, and the Aloha Bowl, a nationally televised collegiate football game, takes place on Christmas Day.  Several big surf-related blowouts take place every year, drawing the world's top wave riders to the beaches across the island. Exact dates depend on when and where the surf's up.    