 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: US passport holders, most EU residents and visitors from Australia do not require a visa if staying in Japan less than 90 days. South African residents are among those who are required to get a visa.Health risks: NoneTime:GMT/UTC +9Country code: 81International dialling code: 010Electricity: 100V; 50 Hz (Tokyo and eastern Japan), 60 Hz (western Japan)Weights & measures: MetricUseful Contacts:Ambulance: 119Fire: 119Police: 110Japan Helpline (English speaking): 0120-461 997Japan National Tourist Organization:www.japantravelinfo.com When to Go  Spring (March to May), with its clear skies and cherry blossoms, is probably the most celebrated Japanese season, but it's a holiday period for the Japanese and many of the more popular travel destinations tend to be flooded with domestic tourists. Autumn (September to November) is a great time to travel: the temperatures are pleasant, and the autumn colours in the countryside are fantastic. Mid-winter (December to February) can be bitterly cold, while the sticky summer months (June to August) can turn even the briefest excursion out of the air conditioning into a soup bath; on the plus side, major tourist attractions will generally be quieter at these times of the year. It's also worth considering peak holiday seasons when you plan your trip. Moving around and finding accommodation during New Year, Golden Week (late April to early May) and the midsummer O-Bon festival can be a real headache.     Events  Expect a total sell-out for travel and lodging during Japan's biggest holidays, New Year (December 29 to January 6) and Golden Week (the lumping together of Green Day, Constitution Day and Children's Day from April 27 to May 6). Other festivals include Adult's Day, or Lucky Monday (second Monday in January), when ceremonies are held for boys and girls who have reached the age of majority (20). The Japanese celebrate the end of winter on February 3 or 4 by indulging in Setsubun (bean throwing) while chanting 'in with good fortune, out with the devils'. Hanami (Blossom Viewing) usually runs from February to April; the romantic Tanabata Matsuri (Star Festival) is on July 7; and O Bon (Festival of the Dead), when lanterns are floated on rivers, lakes or the sea to signify the return of the departed to the underworld, takes place from mid-July to the end of August.  Kyoto's Gion Matsuri (July 17) is perhaps the most renowned of all Japanese festivals. The climax is a parade of massive man-dragged floats decked out in incredible finery, harking back to a 9th-century request to the gods to end a plague sweeping the city. In the cute and kooky department, Niramekko Obisha (January 20; Chiba) combines a staring contest with consumption of sake - the one with the straightest face wins. The Yah-Yah Matsuri (first Sunday to the following Saturday of February; Owase) is an argument contest: competitors scream Samurai chants and try to look fearsome. Afterwards, they take off all their clothes and jump in the ocean. Knickers Giving Day (March 14) is a bizarre follow up to Valentine's Day - men are supposed to give a gift of underwear to their lady.    