 When to Go  The storms of 1998 notwithstanding, Austin has a semitropical climate that's often downright pleasant. May through September is the rainiest, most humid period, but even August's heat spells are less severe than elsewhere in the state. As far as weather's concerned, fall and spring are the best times to visit. Winter (December to February) temperatures usually drop no lower than a brisk 38 F (4 C), while the most sweltering summer days top out at about 98 F (37 C).  Things can get crowded during the big music festivals, especially during South by Southwest in March. Otherwise, Austin doesn't have a definite tourist season. The bats come to roost between March and early November, if that counts.     Events  Austin hosts a helluva lot of hoedowns every year, most of them centered around one thing: music. Kicking off the season is South by Southwest (SXSW), an internationally renowned music, film and multimedia conference that packs the city every March. Many shows and events are free, but you'd better book early if you want to see the big ones. Also in March is local good ol' boy Jerry Jeff Walker's Birthday Celebration, featuring three days of dancing and rodeos and a Saturday night serenade by JJ himself. Soon after, the Old Settlers Bluegrass & Acoustic Music Festival and the Downtown Conjunto Festival get the city's toes tapping again to more traditional beats. Two celebrations in June - the Green Mesquite Rhythm & Blues Festival and the Clarksville/West End Jazz & Arts Festival - honor the talent of local musicians.  Apart from the mostly-music festivals, Austin celebrates itself and its culture with several major events both whimsical and sincere. Spamarama in late March honors the oft-maligned tinned meat, while the real stuff takes the spotlight in the Austin-Travis County Livestock Show & Rodeo - the BBQ competition is not to be missed. In mid-May, Cinco de Mayo is celebrated con mucho gusto at Fiesta Gardens, while Fiesta Laguna Gloria entwines arts and crafts displays with the trimmings of a Mexican fiesta - look for mariachi musicians and folk dancers at the Laguna Gloria Art Museum toward the end of the month. The 4th of July is celebrated as the Freedom Festival in Austin, with live music, lots of food and a rocking fireworks display in Zilker Park.  Probably the biggest event of the year - aside from SXSW - is Aquafest, held on weekends in late July and early August. Events include water sports exhibitions and tournaments, music and dance festivals, and a parade-by-night at Town Lake's Auditorium Shores. Halloween ushers in a mad block party along 6th St, though the next day's D a de los Muertos celebrations are a whole lot spookier. There's a big-deal Thanksgiving Day football game between UT and Texas A&M, as well as the standard slew of Christmas-season revelries.   Public Holidays: 1 January - New Year's Day Third Monday in January - Martin Luther King Jr Day Third Monday in February - Presidents' Day Late March or April - Easter Last Monday in May - Memorial Day 4 July - Independence Day First Monday in September - Labor Day Second Monday in October - Columbus Day 11 November - Veterans' Day Fourth Thursday in November - Thanksgiving 25 December - Christmas Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to AustinTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services