 When to Go  The best time to visit is either spring (March to May) or fall (September to November), even though Salt Lake City does not experience the extreme summer and winter temperature found in many parts of the Southwestern USA. The relatively mild climate is largely a result of the city's altitude of 4330ft (1320m), which keeps summer highs below 90 F (32 C) and winter temperatures usually above freezing.  The ski season in the nearby Wasatch Range stretches from mid-November to early May, and in February 2002 incorporated the Winter Olympics. Most of the city's major festivals take place in June and July.     Events  The Utah Arts Festival is held in the Triad Center during the last week of June. It is a juried event with hundreds of entries, and features an artists' marketplace, the culinary arts and the performing arts. The Highlands Festival, with Scottish dancing, bagpipes, crafts, food booths and highland games, is held at Fort Douglas on the second Saturday of June. Pioneer Day, on 24 July, commemorates the arrival of the Mormon pioneers in 1847 and includes an arts festival, rodeos and a huge parade; festivities begin about a week before. The Utah State Fair, which is held in early to mid-September is a one week bash of rodeos, carnival rides, agricultural and livestock shows and other entertainment.  Events in the surrounding area include the Sundance Film Festival, which celebrates independent film during the last two weeks of January. Most films are screened in Park City, rather than at the nearby Sundance Resort. A re-enactment of the Golden Spike Ceremony, which celebrated the linking of the Atlantic and Pacific coasts by rail takes place every 10 May at the Golden Spike National Historic Site. It's on the northern shore of the Great Salt Lake, to the west of Brigham City, where the railroads converged. The annual Railroader's Festival is held in the same place on the second Saturday of August and includes spike driving and (get this) buffalo-turd-throwing contests. Oktoberfest brings beer, live music and dancing to the Snowbird ski resort on September weekends and the first weekend in October.    