 When to Go  Atlantic City's best temperatures occur from June through August, but this is the height of the tourist season so expect crowds. Late June's Beach Fest is a good excuse to visit if you enjoy sharing barbecue, beer and beach balls with 100,000 other people. The crown jewel of commercial crassness is reached during the Miss America Pageant, held in September.     Events  America's cheesiest professional ogling event, the Miss America Pageant, brings nubile contestants from all 50 states to Atlantic City each September to battle it out in bikini and 'talent' contests. The festivities last a full week, with 3 nights of preliminary competition taking place before Saturday night's tearjerking televised finale. The beauties also take part in the Miss America Parade, which involves cruising along the Boardwalk hyperactively waving from the back seat of a convertible. Late June's Beach Fest brings 100,000 people together for barbecue and beer. In August there's the Atlantic City Film and Music Festival showcases all the slickest celluloid hitting the screens for Christmas. If you're keen to stretch your legs 14 October marks the Atlantic City Marathon, an active way to take in the seaside.   Public Holidays: 1 January - New Year's Day Third Monday in January - Martin Luther King Jr Day Third Monday in February - Presidents' Day Late March or April - Easter Last Monday in May - Memorial Day 4 July - Independence Day First Monday in September - Labor Day Second Monday in October - Columbus Day 11 November - Veterans' Day Fourth Thursday in November - Thanksgiving 25 December - Christmas Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementGuides to Atlantic CityTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services