 When to Go  Spring, summer and autumn are all ideal for visiting Halifax, and winter tourism is becoming popular despite the reduced daylight hours. Most facilities get pretty busy during the Canadian summer vacation time, the end of June to early September. Unfortunately the same busy facilities may be closed outside this peak summer time. A good compromise if you don't like crowds is to visit mid-May to mid-June or during September, when the weather is generally good enough for everyone except possibly campers who forget to pack thermals.     Events  In summertime, the living in Halifax is easy - the weather is warm, the days are long and the festivals are out in force. On a Saturday afternoon in late June, pink pride reigns at the Gay Pride Parade in downtown Halifax. Shortly after this is Canada Day, Canada's birthday, celebrated on July 1 with a solemn display of fireworks, rock concerts and parades. The Nova Scotia International Tattoo celebrates the region's Scottish heritage with vast formations of bagpipers on parade in the first week of July. Halifax Natal Day, held at the end of July/early August, is a major event featuring a parade, street parties, boat races and more. The DuMaurier Atlantic Jazz Festival whips up a storm of improvisation at the end of July, while the Halifax Atlantic Fringe Festival provides a feast of buskers, musicians, actors, comics, mimics and anyone else who thinks life is too short to attend insurance seminars. Events are staged mostly in the metro area.  There are no surprises when it comes to public holidays in Halifax. New Year's Day (January 1), Easter (April-May), Thanksgiving (second Monday in October), Remembrance Day (November 11) and Christmas Day (December 25) and Boxing Day (December 26) are all celebrated. Canada Day on July 1 and Civic Holiday, the first Monday in August, are important Canadian holidays. Labor Day, the first Monday in September, is a key date, as it unofficially marks the end of summer and the closure of many businesses.    