 When to Go  Seattle's reputation for rain is somewhat undeserved - catching just 38in (97cm) per year, Seattle's rainfall ranks well behind many Midwestern and Eastern cities' totals. When it comes to damp and chilly, though, not many places in the US can touch Seattle.  Averaging only 55 days of sunshine a year, you can pretty well expect to see some form of fog, mist or cloud while you're there. This pervasive grayness tends to make the city's otherwise moderate temperatures - winter highs top out around 50 F (10 C), summer highs float between 75 and 85 F (25 to 30 C) - seem downright frosty. The majority of rain falls between November and April. Snow is unusual, though when it comes, it comes down heavy. Summer is the choicest time for a visit, when marine clouds in the morning tend to burn off completely by afternoon. Spring and fall attempt to confuse residents with alternating rain and sun throughout the day.     Events  Seattle's first big ethnic festival is Chinese New Year, held in the International District, usually in January. Pioneer Square embraces its somewhat rowdy reputation on Mardi Gras (usually in late February), adding in that special Seattle touch via the annual competitive Spam-Carving Contest. Seattle's main lesbian and gay pride event is the Freedom Day Celebration, which is usually held the last Sunday in June. The Northwest Folklife Festival takes over Seattle Center during Memorial Day weekend, the last weekend in May, when 5000 performers and artists present the music, dance, craft and food of over 100 countries.  Seattle has two spectacular summer festivals that more than any other events bring the city to life. The first, Seafair, is an extravagant three-week celebration in July and early August featuring hydroplane races on Lake Washington, a torchlight parade downtown, an airshow, lots of music, a carnival and the arrival of the naval fleet. Bumbershoot, held at Seattle Center over Labor Day weekend (in early September), features an arts & crafts street fair, fine arts exhibitions and an amazing assortment of theatrical and musical events. As autumn rolls around and thoughts turn to earthier matters, the Western Washington Fair presents a bewildering array of livestock and agricultural displays, another carnival and live entertainment. It's held in Puyallup, south of Seattle, in mid-September.    