 Activities  A number of beaches offer good surfing. Long Beach in Vancouver Island's Pacific Rim National Park reputedly has the best waves in BC, though the water's very cold. You can swim at 11 beaches around Vancouver or at one of the city's aquatic centers. The rich and varied marine life in the local waters make scuba diving very rewarding. The best time to go is in the winter when the plankton has decreased and visibility often exceeds 20m (66ft). The top dive spots are the waters off the Pacific Rim National Park on Vancouver Island's western coast; in Georgia Strait between Vancouver Island's eastern coast and the mainland's Sunshine Coast, north of Vancouver; and in Queen Charlotte Strait off Vancouver's northeastern coast.   Canoeing, boating and kayaking are popular on the Fraser and Chilliwack rivers, which run south of the city, and the Gulf Islands southwest of Vancouver. Rivers close to Vancouver offering whitewater rafting include the Fraser, Thompson and Chilliwack. If fishing is your thing, several spots around Vancouver Island vie for the title 'Salmon Capital of the World.' The Queen Charlotte Islands and the Fraser and Thompson Rivers are also prime casting sites. The waters off the western coast of Vancouver Island offer excellent whale-watching. Killer (orca) whales and Pacific gray whales run north in spring and south in autumn.  Just minutes away from downtown, the mountains north of Vancouver have some great downhill and cross-country skiing and snowboarding. Grouse Mountain is the closest to downtown and is known for night skiing. Other nearby resorts include Cypress Bowl (also featuring night skiing) and Hollyburn. A little further afield is the glossier Whistler, located 100km (62mi) north of Vancouver, where you can ski year-round.  There's also cycling, inline skating and running; beach areas and the city's parks are all good places to head. There's climbing to be had at Juniper Point in West Vancouver's Lighthouse Park or at indoor centers. And if all that's not enough, there are over 70 golf courses in the region, gyms aplenty, ice skating rinks and tennis courts.  