 When to Go  The boundaries of 'season' in Miami - which used to be limited to winter - have been blurred by the huge number of people moving to the area and the stampede of fashion and film shoots. But the most popular time to come here is still between December and May, when temperatures average between 60-85 F (16-30 C), and average rainfall is a scant couple of inches. Miami's Carnaval, which takes place in early March, is the biggest and best reason to come, and hundreds do, so book early and prepare for the parading masses.  Summer can be summed up as very hot and humid, with thunderstorms every day at 3pm. August is the hottest month, with average temperatures between 78-89 F (26-31 C). Remember that it feels a lot hotter than 89 F when there's 90% humidity. However, the advantage of coming during the early summer, despite the higher temperatures and increased rainfall, is that you get more of the place to yourself.  The hurricane season - June to November - can be a perfectly pleasant time to visit, but be aware that it only takes one little hurricane to ruin a holiday.     Events  There are special events all the time in Miami, a city known for its partying, though during the summer months the pickings are slim. The Greater Miami & Beaches Convention & Visitor's Bureau's Destination: Miami and Greater Miami & Beaches Meeting Planner has a complete list, updated annually.  The biggest event of them all is the Carnaval Miami, a nine-day festival at the beginning of March, which includes a Miss Carnaval contest, Carnaval Night concerts at the Orange Bowl, an in-line skating contest, jazz concerts, a Latin drag queen show, and a Calle Ocho cooking contest. The Calle Ocho Festival is the culmination of Carnaval Miami and a great time to be in Little Havana since there are lots of concerts, giveaways and Cuban food.  The International Hispanic Theater Festival from late May to mid-June is one of the largest Hispanic theater events in the US, featuring US, Latin America, Caribbean and European theater companies at the El Carrusel Theater in Coral Gables. The Annual Miami Reggae Festival in early August is a huge celebration of the music 'from de people', held at Bayfront Park.  Literary types might want to make it to the Miami Book Fair, held during the second week of November. This international book fair is among the most well-attended in the US, with hundreds of nationally known writers joining hundreds of publishers and hundreds of thousands of visitors.    