 Environment  Easily the USA's largest member, Alaska is a huge state, able to give each of its residents more than a square mile in which to do their morning star jumps. The state measures 1400mi (2254km) north to south and 2400mi (3864km) across the girth, comprising several distinctive regions. The Southeast, also known as the Panhandle, is a 500mi (805km) coastal strip including the wildly serrated Inside Passage, a lifeline for isolated towns inaccessible by road. The mountain ranges, glaciers and fjords of this region continue through Southcentral in its 650mi (1047km) swerve of shore and bend of bay from the Gulf of Alaska to Kodiak Island. The Interior is Alaska's heartland, with milder weather than the state's extremities and scenic delights which include Denali National Park, Alaska's number one attraction. The Bush is larger than all the other regions combined, claiming the whole western swathe, Arctic Alaska and the southwest island chains. Bush Alaska is generally accessible only by charter plane, rendering it prohibitively expensive for many travelers, but enabling the maintenance of a lifestyle unaffected by the state's booming summer tourist industry.  If you believed the hype, you'd reckon Alaska was shoulder to shoulder wildlife. Well, the salmon aren't yet picketing for high-rise streams, but it is pretty packed here if you're talking fins, four legs, flippers or flappers. The moose population is around 150,000, and black-tailed deer, caribou, mountain goats, dall sheep, bears and wolves are frequently seen picnicking from the urban periphery to back of beyond. Harbor seals, porpoises, dolphins, humpback and minke whales, sea lions, sea otters and walruses are all common marine mammals, making an arctic ocean plunge a decidedly social affair. Late summer salmon runs (when thousands of fish swim upstream to spawn) choke many Alaskan streams. The action is airborne too, and the sky is alive with birdlife, most notably the impressive bald eagle, which has a wingspan that often reaches 8ft (2m). The flora of Alaska is diverse, changing dramatically from one region to the next. Among the 33 native tree species are Sitka spruce (the state tree), western hemlock, alder, white spruce, cottonwood and paper birch.  Alaska's climate is not known for its consistency, and it's not uncommon for more than one season to be crammed into a single day. Don't stake your raincoat on it, but Southeast and Southcentral Alaska generally experience high rainfall and moderate temperatures with summers averaging 60-70 F (15-21 C). In the Interior precipitation is light but temperatures fluctuate wildly. The climate in the western coastal region is mostly cool with summer temperatures around 45 F (7 C) with fog and rain common along the coast. Most of Alaska experiences the magic of the midnight sun, a surfeit of daylight which apparently sanctions the kind of madness which finds whole families undertaking 6mi (10km) hikes after dinner and softball teams convening for a witching hour hit-up.  