 Attractions  Efate is the island Cook called Sandwich, after Lord Sandwich, and is home to Port Vila and most of the tour operators. An ideal base to plan trips to the outer isles, Port Vila curves around Vila Bay and creeps up its steep hillsides. The central commercial district falls neatly into a small block - about 1km by 250m (0.5mi by 820ft) - bounded by the harbour on one side and steep hills on the other. Kumul Highway is the main drag and the best thoroughfare from which to explore town. It winds around the waterfront and leads you past major landmarks such as the Cultural Centre, the Constitution Building, the GPO, the fish market and the covered market.  The French Quarter ( Quartier Fran ais) lies just to the north of central Vila and boasts a handful of colonial-style houses with French louvred windows. Rue Emile Mercet affords excellent views over the harbour. Chinatown is sometimes called Hongkong Street and lies mostly around rue Carnot in central Vila. Not far from the upmarket inner suburb of Nambatu are the waterfront markets, with the best prices in town for food, no haggling over prices and no hustling if you don't want to buy.  The cemetery in Anabrou is worth a visit if you're interested in old bones and wildly decorated Chinese and Vietnamese tombstones. It also gives you an insight into the background of Vila's population. Independence Park, up the hill from the Post Office, is where the Condominium was proclaimed in 1906. It's also where petty British officials rubbernecked during Condominium rule to check that the Tricolor fluttering in the breeze at the former French Residency wasn't upstaging them by flying any higher than the Union Jack. While the French and Chinese quarters are in town, the area around the park is like a corner of a foreign field forever England, with a village green, quaint little houses and an English church. During the dry season you'll even hear the thwack of a cricket ball on drowsy Saturday afternoons.  Vila is not the cheapest place to stay in Vanuatu, and while the best accommodation there rivals the best anywhere in the world, so do the prices. You can console yourself that Vila offers some of the best and most varied dining in the Pacific. Apart from a few hostels, backpackers' lodges and church-owned accommodation, most of the rooms are in the middle to top end of the price range and better suit business travellers and big dollar tourists than budget travellers. Although camping is not generally encouraged, you can pitch a tent in the grounds of the Vanuatu National Women's Council Guesthouse in Anabrou, which also offers rooms at a reasonable rate. There are several backpackers' lodges and cheaper guesthouses scattered within a short walk of the city centre.  