 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Only French citizens can enter French Polynesia without a passport and the visa requirements are much the same as for France itself. Western European and Scandinavian citizens are allowed to stay for up to three months without a visa. Citizens of Canada, the USA, Japan, Singapore and New Zealand can stay up to one month without a visa, but all other visitors need a visa to enter.Health risks: NoneTime: GMT/UTC minus 10 hoursElectricity: 220V, 60 HzWeights & measures: Metric When to Go  The month-long Heiva i Tahiti festivities in July are to Tahiti what Carnaval is to Brazil and people come in droves to be part of them. The festival occurs in the drier and cooler June-through-October period which is, perhaps, the best time to visit the territory. Visitors during this period should, however, take into account the maraamu tradewinds which can bring unstable weather from the south between June and August. The weather gets warmer and more humid between November and the end of May. The Northern Hemisphere holiday periods - Christmas to the beginning of January, late February/early March, Easter, early May and the long northern-summer holiday in July-August - are busy times and flights can be hard to get.     Events  The Moorea Marathon is held in early February, and there's a re-enactment of the arrival of the first London Missionary Society missionaries at Point Venus in Papeete on 5 March with celebrations in Tahiti's and Moorea's Protestant churches. Tahitians love beauty contests and there are events organised for both men and women throughout most of the year, and these culminate in the prestigious Miss Heiva i Tahiti contest in July. The month-long Heiva i Tahiti festival also features music, dancing, sporting competitions and arts & crafts displays. French Bastille Day, 14 July, falls in the middle of this festival and is the highlight. A four-day golf tournament is held on Tahiti in late June and early July, the Heiva No Te Pahu Nui O Tahaa stone-fishing festival takes place on Tahaa during the last week of October and there's a surfing contest off Tahiti in September.  However, what draws the whole of French Polynesia to a standstill is a canoe race. The Hawaiki Nui canoe race is a three-day, four-island, 116km event, held in early November, that pits about 60 six-man teams from all over the territory and abroad against each other. Burly Polynesian men, often bedecked in traditional tattoos, begin from the island of Huahine and cross 44.5km of open ocean to Raiatea. Day two is a 20km sprint within the lagoon between the twin islands of Raiatea and Tahaa, and day three is a mammoth 52km open-ocean crossing to the island of Bora Bora. The vessels arrive to the rhythm of drummers and cheering supporters, and TV camera crews wade out to get the footage that will be broadcast across the territory on the evening news. In 1994 a German team of Olympic kayakers entered the race and their best result was 18th on the first leg.    