 Environment  Micronesia means small islands, and that's exactly what they are. The Federated States of Micronesia are made up of four island groups - Yap, Chuuk, Pohnpei and Kosrae - located in the eastern half of the Pacific Ocean. They're roughly 3000 miles (5000km) west of Hawaii, 2000 miles (3000km) east of the Philippines and 1000 miles (1500km) north of Papua New Guinea. Although they cover an ocean expanse five times the size of France, the total land mass of the 607 islands is less than the size of an average US city, and many world maps don't even bother marking them. Pohnpei occupies nearly half the country's land area, with the rest almost equally divided between the other three states. The islands of Pohnpei, Kosrae and Chuuk are high volcanic islands, while Yap is a raised part of the Asian continental shelf. Don't expect coconut palm-fringed coral atolls - these islands are more like the volcanic islands of Hawaii, with fertile soils, lush vegetation and abundant water.  The only land mammals native to the Federated States of Micronesia are bats. You'll see fruit bats, with wingspans of up to 3ft (1m), at dusk on most of the islands. There's a few Asian sambar deer left on Pohnpei, but you're unlikely to see one. There are also huge monitor lizards (which grow up to 6ft (2m) long), and cute little geckoes and skinks, but no snakes. The most common fauna are insects, and you'll be sure to run into plenty of mosquitoes, beach gnats and cockroaches.  What with all the water around, there's plenty of exciting marine life to goggle at. There's a wide range of hard and soft corals, anemones, sponges, whales, porpoises and shellfish, including the giant tridacna clam. A few species of sea turtle lay their eggs on the local beaches, and the islanders use both turtles and eggs for food. The islands are also aflutter with more than 200 species of birds.  The Federated States of Micronesia have a tropical oceanic climate that is consistently warm and humid, with some of the most uniform year-round temperatures in the world. Most days it's around 81 F (27 C) - sometimes it gets up to 90 F (32 C), sometimes it drops to 70 F (21 C). It's a little drier, cooler and breezier between December and March than it is the rest of the year. The wettest months are April and May - not the months to go camping in Pohnpei's interior, which is one of the rainiest places on earth. From July to November the humidity can be oppressive. Typhoon season is between August and December.  