 Environment  If you could sweep the Marshalls' 1200-plus islands and atolls into a single land mass, it'd blanket an area about the size of Washington, DC, or the Caribbean island of Aruba. The islands are grouped into two main chains, Ratak (Sunrise) in the east and Ralik (Sunset) in the west; both run north-south and together spread out across some 1,942,500 sq km (750,000 sq miles) of the central Pacific.  The group lies some 4100km (2500mi) southeast of Japan, 4100km (2500 mi) southwest of Hawaii and 3000km (1900mi) northeast of Papua New Guinea. Its nearest neighbors are the other Micronesian states of Pohnpei and Kosrae, 1000km (650mi) and 650km (400mi) to the south, respectively, and Guam and the Northern Marianas, about 2500km (1500mi) to the west.  The Marshalls consist of low coral limestone and sand islands and islets, the vast majority of which form scattered atolls. Only five are single islands. The islands are particularly narrow, with the widest, Wotje, less than a mile across. They have little fertile topsoil and are devoid of rivers. Their lowest points are their beaches and their highest - an unnamed hillock on Likiep, measuring 10m (34ft) - scarcely shows on the horizon. The country's average elevation is 2m (7ft) above sea level.  In Majuro, the average daily temperature is 81 F (27 C), with the chilliest moments coming during the rainy season, from September through November. The driest period is January through March; June to August are the hottest months. Water temperatures remain around 80 F (26 C) year-round. Mild trade winds and tropical showers are the daily norm, full-blown tropical storms and typhoons are rare.  Hundreds of species of coral can be found in the Marshalls' atolls, as well as 250 species of reef fish and all five of the world's species of marine turtles. Whales, dolphins and porpoises also visit the islands' warm waters. Some 70 bird species have been identified, including over 30 species of seabirds. The Polynesian rat is the only mammal native to the islands, while of reptiles you can see a half dozen species of lizards and one species of blind snake. Coconut land crabs are common and prized for their meat.  The coconut palm tree is Micronesia's most important plant. Copra, the dried meat of the nut from which coconut oil is made, is among the country's leading exports. Other Marshallese flora includes breadfruit, pandanus, taro, arrowroot, yams, pumpkins, tapioca and bananas. As almost all the islands' lands are privately owned by families and clans, there are no national parks or reserves.  In the decades since the American government stopped its nuclear testing there, the US Department of Energy and California's Lawrence Livermore Laboratory have done extensive research on Bikini. Their reports tell us that the environment poses no danger to visitors.  