 Environment  The volcanic islands of Samoa lie halfway between Hawaii and New Zealand and just to the west of American Samoa. The two major islands, 'Upolu and Savai'i, make up an area slightly smaller than Rhode Island and constitute most of the dry land. 'Upolu is cigar-shaped, with the capital, Apia, sitting on its northern coast while Savai'i (a few kilometres to the west of 'Upolu and slightly larger) looks like a squashed cigar. The only other inhabited islands, Manono and Apolima, are two small blobs in the Apolimo Strait which separates 'Upolu and Savai'i. A number of tiny uninhabited islands and a few lonely atolls make up the remainder of the country.  Samoa faces a major environmental threat from deforestation. Agricultural change is the major culprit although logging has played its part in disturbing the delicate ecosystem. Marine resources are also under pressure from over-fishing, the gung-ho practice of blowing fish out of the water with explosives, and a deadly increase in the reef-wrecking crown-of-thorns starfish. Fortunately there has been a concerted effort over the last few years to develop eco-friendly industries and conserve the beauty and biological diversity of the rainforests that cover much of the uplands. These lush tropical rainforests are not only a source of food but also a large out-of-doors apothecary that contain mega-amounts of medicinal compounds. Because of their remoteness the islands have been resistant to any form of colonisation by animals and the only big game in these parts have gills and fins. The wildlife is limited to some flying foxes, a couple of Polynesian rats opting out of the rat race, and a lazy gecko or two.  Samoa is hot and humid most of the year although the edge is taken off the sweatbox conditions by the southeasterly trade winds blowing from April to October and intermittently (and welcomingly) in between. The wet season (or summer) is between November and April, and the dry season (or winter) between May and October. Samoa lies in the cyclone belt and is periodically buffeted and bruised by cyclones, especially in the months between November and April.  