 Environment  Kiribati's territorial waters are vast (nearly the size of Argentina and Chile combined), but the stuff where the coconuts grow is only a little larger than New York City. Kiribati comprises three island groups: the Gilbert, Line (Northern and Southern) and Phoenix Islands. They sit bang smack over the equator, with Tuvalu to the south, the Marshall Islands to the north-west and Nauru out west. The 34 islands are all low lying atolls apart from the mine-scarred wasteland of Banaba, which at its highest point hits 87m (285ft). Christmas Island in the Line Islands is the biggest coral atoll in the world, but none of the islands support much vegetation because soil is scarce. Although there are no rivers, most islands have a freshwater lagoon.  Fauna is limited to the Polynesian rat, plentiful sea birds and a couple of species of lizard. Sea life is far more diverse, and the stunning coral reefs fringing most of the islands harbour a huge variety of fish. Seaside scrub is common, mangroves and pandanus grow on some islands, and others support woodland rich in epiphytes and ferns. Coconuts have been planted widely where they don't occur naturally, and several areas are protected or 'closed'. The nature reserves on Malden Island, Phoenix Island and Starbuck Island are larger than 1000 hectares (2470 acres). The gravest threat to protected areas, and to the whole country, is a possible rise in sea levels owing to global warming. Even if the shorelines don't erode or the land doesn't go under, freshwater aquifers could still become salinised.  From November to February the heat can be oppressive and the rains belt down, but for the rest of the year the climate is moderated by trade winds (it's called 'equatorial maritime', if you're into climatology). The rainfall varies from one island group to another, with those in the far north receiving about 3m (118in) annually, while further to the south, such as on Banaba, there can get droughts. Fortunately, tropical cyclones generally tend to pass Kiribati by.  