 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: In theory, visitors planning to stay less than three months don't require entry visas. In practice, seek advice from your nearest Solomon embassy if you are now, or have ever been, a member of a communist country, or if you're from the Indian subcontinent, Nauru or Kiribati. Visitor's permits can be extended for a further three months for a fee.Health: It's tropical, so there's malaria. In addition, watch out for tuberculosis and gastric troubles. Water purity cannot be relied on, and the charming hookworm is endemic on the coast and in the countryside. Anyone arriving from central Africa or northern South America will require a vaccination certificate against yellow fever.Time: GMT/UTC + 11 hours.Electricity: 230/240V 50 Hz.Weights & measures: Officially metric, but expect remnants of the imperial system When to Go  The weather, in terms of heat, humidity and cyclones, is at its most hospitable in the second half of the year. Light breezes and calm waters should be the order of the day at this time. Luckily, June to August is a time of public holidays and festivals as well. Seven of the country's nine provinces have their annual holiday at this time, and the Queen's Birthday and Independence Day - the best times to see traditional dancing - are in June and July respectively.     Events  If you're based in or moving through Honiara, there's a couple of big celebration days that are well worth checking out. Whit Monday falls on the eighth Monday after Easter and features a parade of war veterans and general festivities. The second Friday of June is the Queen's Birthday holiday. Again there is a march - this time it's the police - which is followed by sporting events and custom dancing. July 7 is Independence Day, the biggest holiday on the calendar. Once again, it's a time for parades (the military get the nod here), sports and dancing.  Each province has its own Provincial Holiday, and this provides another oportunity for visitors to see traditional dances and ceremonies. March in Santa Catalina sees the yam-increase festival, while at the end of May mock clan wars and week-long marriage ceremonies take place in a celebration called Wogasia.    