 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Nationals of Commonwealth countries, the EU, Fiji, Japan, Norway, the Philippines, South Korea, South Africa, Switzerland and the USA do not require visas for stays of up to 30 days.Health risks: Tap water in urban areas is generally safe but not in rural areas. Visitors to the outer islands should take precautions for malaria. No vaccinations required.Time: GMT/UTC + 11 hours.Electricity: 220 to 240V 50 Hz.Weights & measures: Metric When to Go  The southern winter is the best time, from April to October. Expect clear, warm days with an average temperature of 23 C (73 F). Summer is the wet season and brings warmer weather but it can be unpleasantly steamy, with the heaviest rains in January. From April to June the islanders on Pentecost practise land diving to guarantee their yam harvest and from August to November the spectacular clan alliance dance, or Toka, is held on Tanna (check with the tourist office for the current dates).     Events  From April to June land diving takes place on southern Pentecost Island. Men dive off bush timber platforms with flexible vines tied to their ankles in this important religious and fertility rite. The divers' hair scrapes the earth at high speed to fertilise it and ensure a successful yam harvest. The government was compelled to cancel all land diving for a year in 1995 to allow the ceremony's cultural worth to be re-established after it had become swamped by tourists.  On Tanna, Jon Frum Day is celebrated in February and includes dancing, parades and festivals. The Jon Frum cult appeared this century, when ni-Vanuatu believed the mythical Jon Frum would deliver them from Europeans in general and missionaries in particular. The movement was given a boost by the arrival of over 100,000 American service personnel during the war. The Americans dazzled the ni-Vanuatu with their refrigerators, trucks, canned food, cigarettes and other luxuries, which convinced the Tannese that the Europeans were purposely withholding these goodies from them. July sees the celebration of the mid-winter horse racing carnival in Port Vila, and the Toka, a significant clan alliance dance, is celebrated on Tanna for three days between August and November.    