 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Only citizens of the European Union, Switzerland, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, Australia, Israel and the USA can enter without a visa, and they can stay for three months. Everyone else needs to apply for a visa at a French embassy or consulate before they arrive.Health risks: dengue fever, and the water on Ouvea, one of the Loyalty Islands, is not safe to drink.Time: GMT/UTC plus 11 hoursElectricity: 220V, 50HzWeights & measures: metric When to Go  Go whenever you can seize the chance. If you're nervous about cyclones or mosquitoes you might consider staying home between November and April, or you may want to plan your trip around one or two festivals, such as the Avocado Festival in mid to late May, the three-day Foire de Bourail from late August to early September, or the Equinoxe in October. If you're a diver, don't miss the riot of colour that accompanies the coral spawning in early summer.     Events  The most important Kanak festival, the Festival of the Yam is held in mid-March, although it is not generally open to tourists. Like the French everywhere, New Caledonians celebrate Bastille Day on 14 July. Families and children carrying lanterns gather at dusk on the night before and walk through the streets to Place des Cocotiers, then they let loose a display of fireworks. On the day they hold a military parade in the morning. Mid to late May is the busiest time for festivals, with the Avocado Festival at Nece, Mare to celebrate the harvest,  La Regate des Touques in Noumea, when people race in decorative floats along Anse Vata, and Pacific Tempo, a three-day music festival in Noumea with performers from all over the Pacific.  The Foire de Bourail is a huge country fair with a rodeo, cattle show, horse racing and a beauty pageant in late August or early September. New Caledonia Day on 24 September commemorates Admiral Auguste Febvrier Despointes' claim to New Caledonia for France in 1853; whites have a day off work while the Kanaks consider it a day of mourning. The Equinoxe is a biennial festival of contemporary theatre, dance and music in Noumea in October, and later that month or in early November a popular Sound and Light Show is staged at Fort Tremba, La Foa.    