 Environment  Right in the heart of the South Pacific, to the north of Tonga and 2300 mi (3700km) south-west of Hawaii, lie the five islands and two atolls of American Samoa. Just west of the nearby 171st meridian lie the islands of independent Samoa (formerly Western Samoa), with which American Samoa shares a long history, traditional beliefs and a love/hate relationship. The bulk of the land area of American Samoa is held by the main island of Tutuila, which, along with the other islands in the group, is a wildly steep, perfect example of a volcanic remnant.  Most of the surface area is covered by lush rainforests, though on the higher parts of Ofu, Olosega and Ta'u island, there are temperate forests featuring ferns, grasses and mosses. The rainforests are a natural apothecary, containing 75 plant species used by traditional healers. Western medicine has identified six pharmacologically active compounds, including prostratin, which prevents the reproduction of HIV virus in human cells. Although rapid modernisation is putting pressure on the environment of American Samoa, the 10,000 acre (4000ha) National Park of American Samoa is a major contribution to the ecological health of the region. Because of its distance from continental landmasses, few animal or bird species have inhabited American Samoa. Two species of flying fox, a bat species and the Polynesian rat are the area's only land mammals (aside from people). You might also stumble upon a few skinks, geckos, turtles and harmless boas, but otherwise, the islands belong to humans.  Lying just south of the equator, American Samoa shares all of the expected tropical weather traits. It's hot and humid all year round, with average temperatures ranging from 65 F to 90 F (18 C to 32 C). There is a wet season (summer) between November and April and dry season (winter) from May to October. If you're visiting the harbour area on Tutuila, you'll almost inevitably get wet: the nearby Rainmaker Mountain regularly lives up to its name and dumps over 200in (5000mm) of rain per year on the capital, Pago Pago (pronounced 'Pango Pango').  