 Activities  At some point you'll realise that there are more things to do in Samoa than stare vacantly at waves lapping palm-fringed shores and wonder what all the working stiffs are doing. It can be an active place to be if you so choose. There are any number of beautiful swimming beaches around 'Upolu and Savai'i, and the beaches that aren't great for swimming are fabulous for snorkelling, although hiring snorkelling equipment can sometimes be difficult. Samoa has a number of first-class diving spots if you're keen to do some underwater sports. Surfing in Samoa can sometimes be tricky because of the reefs and inconsistent breaks, but the surfing fraternity is just beginning to discover the big swells that boom in off the break.  When swimming, it's important to remember that all beaches are private property, and permission should be sought from locals before going head first. Custom fees might be required - usually a small amount of money. Haggling here will only make you look bad. If you don't like the fee, go somewhere else.  The interior of the islands, the rugged coast line, the lush tropical rainforests and the volcano fields make Samoa a great place to hike. An excellent way to explore the islands is by kayak or canoe and in some cases it's the only way to get to the uninhabited islands and atolls. The other way to explore the islands is by bike. Cycling around Savai'i, in particular, is a worthwhile pastime. Fishing leases are owned by the villages so some tala need to be exchanged before fishing in any of the local areas. Game fishing is also available albeit very expensive.    Kirikiti is the Samoan version of cricket and strangers are permitted to join in as long as they can follow the less-than-Lords' rules. Games are played with a three-sided bat, an indeterminate number of players, umpires who use their whistle for any number of reasons (including just the sheer joy of being alive), and continue for an indefinite number of days, before the winner is decided by a mysterious process known only to Samoans. The only hard-and-fast rule is that the host team automatically forfeits the game if they can't supply enough food.  