 Attractions  Sitting on a promontory facing the Pacific and backing onto the Fanga'uta Lagoon, Nuku'alofa ('Abode of Love') is gradually swallowing up surrounding wetlands and agricultural land, and shanty towns are springing up on the outskirts. You won't exactly get caught in traffic jams in the capital, but the 'pumpkin-led boom' of recent years has put a few more cars on the streets. Most of the town's main features are found within a compact rectangle.  The Royal Palace on the waterfront is arguably the most impressive building in town. The white Victorian timber building was prefabricated in New Zealand in 1867 and has become a symbol of Tonga to the world, although it is closed to visitors. On the slopes of Mt Zion, just behind the palace, is the Sia Ko Veiongo, the 'royal estate', which, over its 600 year history, has been sacked repeatedly. Next to the palace is the Pangao Si'i, a public park used for kava ceremonies, feasts and Saturday sporting events. The Royal Tombs or Mala'ekula, contain the graves of all the Tongan sovereigns since 1893, as well as their spouses and close relatives. The town common contains the Tongan War Memorial, commemorating those killed in both world wars.  Many travellers tend to join Tongans at church on Sundays because everything else is closed, and the churches in town are impressive; you can't miss the Basilica of St Anthony of Padua opposite the royal tombs, where inside the stations of the cross are carved of coconut wood inlaid with mother of pearl. The Centenary Chapel behind Mt Zion accommodates more than 2000 people, and St Mary's Cathedral is worth visiting for its beautiful vaulted ceiling, stained glass and rose gardens. Yellow Pier is a great snorkelling site close to town, although it's not as spectacular as the reefs further out. If you're into markets you shouldn't miss Talamahu Market, which sells the best of Tonga's agricultural produce - it will give you a crash course in tropical fruits and vegetables. Go early to the Saturday morning flea market for the best selection of junk, treasure and collectables.  While you can get reasonable accommodation and eat well in the city centre, you shouldn't forget the resorts around Tongatapu and on off shore islands. You have the option of staying in an apartment or townhouse with its own kitchen, bathroom, bedrooms and lounge, and they can be rented short or long term. The abode of love has plenty of good restaurants catering to all budgets and tastes, and you can visit one of the waterfront bars to kick off the evening. The Tongan National Centre, the International Dateline Hotel and the Good Samaritan Inn all put on great nights with island buffets and traditional music and dance, and if you haven't tasted the local kava (the stuff that dreams are made of) already, these places give you the chance to get into it (or out of it).  