 Attractions  Since the bombs and riots of the 1980s, Noumea has begun a swag of new developments unparalleled since the heady days of the nickel boom. Political rallies today are more likely to be protesting forced redundancies and cuts to services than demanding an end to French rule. From Anse Vata in the south, Noumea's most prestigious beach, to the northern suburbs of Koutiou and Yahoue, the town measures little more than 15km (9.3mi).The city centre spreads along Baie de la Moselle to the west, a fine harbour with good shelter for cruise liners, fishing boats and a fleet of private yachts. Further west lies Nouville, site of the colony's first penal settlement, and now connected to the mainland by fill from the nickel smelters. Immediately north of central Noumea the land is mainly industrial, with uninteresting residential and industrial suburbs beyond. On the eastern edge of the peninsula lie the well-to-do waterside suburbs of Ste Marie and Ouemo.  The Jean-Marie Tjibaou Cultural Centre is Noumea's newest and most exciting development, about 10km (6mi) from downtown. Designed to reflect the Kanaks' integral ties to the land, it successfully blends contemporary architectural style and indigenous cultural beliefs, and displays items of Kanak heritage and the cultures of Oceania. The colonial-style Bibliotheque Bernheim is Noumea's main library and a great place to browse. It's pleasant and quiet despite nearby traffic. But to really escape the cars, go to the Noumea Aquarium at Anse Vata. It contains rare and unusual marine life, from sponges and coral through to the big fish with sharp teeth.  Just east of the city centre is the Vallee des Colons, a lively suburb that is today home to many of the town's Kanaks and Polynesian immigrants. Nouville is worth a visit for its convict ruins and the secluded Kuendu Bay, an ideal spot for swimming and, around the headland, for snorkelling. If you want to walk the seamier side in Noumea, try the  Quartier Latin, with a hint of its famous Parisian counterpart, near Port Moselle south of the city centre. And for the downright filthy you can't go past (and you can hardly miss) the Doniambo Nickel Smelter, the 'furnace of Doniambo', a multi-chimney eyesore north of the city centre.  Anse Vata offers the pick of the top-end accommodation, although there are a few budget places in with the four- and five-star hotels. The HI Hostel in the city centre has the cheapest accommodation in town as well as great views of the Baie de la Moselle, but there is a wide range of accommodation (from the Spartan to the luxurious) around town and at Baie des Citrons. Check out the Quartier Latin and Baie des Citrons for cheap eateries, although the centre of town has plenty of snack bars ( snacks) and even the opportunity for a Mcfeast.  