 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: You only need a valid passport and an onward ticket to be granted a visa for three or four weeks upon arrival.Health risks: There is some chance of hepatitis or bacterial infection.Time: GMT/UTC plus 13 hoursElectricity: 240V, 50HzWeights & measures: Metric, except for land, which is measured in acres. When to Go  May to October is the best time to visit. Summer, from November to April, is the hurricane season and can be hot, humid and wet. Large numbers of Tongans living abroad also return home in December and January, and if you're planning to be there then you'll need to make reservations well in advance.     Events  On 4 July Tongans celebrate King Taufa'ahau Tupou IV's birthday with the Heilala Festival, which becomes a week-long bash featuring parades and processions, music festivals and competitions. It coincides with the flowering of the heilala, Tonga's national flower. The torch-lighting ceremony, Tupakapakanava, coincides with this festival. People carrying flaming torches of dry reeds line the northern coastline of Tongatapu, and the Tongans liken the festival to Guy Fawkes Day in the UK or the USA's 4 July fireworks. On Vava'u, the Crown Prince's birthday in early May kicks off a week of partying with the Vava'u Festival. Also in May is the week-long Red Cross Festival, which is followed by the Red Cross Grand Ball.  In early June the Ha'apai group celebrates the three-day Ha'apai Festival, coinciding with Emancipation Day festivities. In a nation as Christian as Tonga, locals take Easter seriously, and celebrate an Easter Festival, with youth choirs, passion plays, concerts and cultural performances. All the major island groups host agricultural fairs from late August to October, and they are presided over by the king. Late September sees the Tonga International Billfish Tournament celebrated, attracting local and international anglers to Vava'u. Another international competition is the Miss Galaxy Pageant in Nuku'alofa. The contestants are all men, or fakaleiti, the local version of transvestites.    