 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: All visitors need visas, good for up to three months, and proof of onward travel.Health risks: Heat strokeTime: GMT/UTC plus 2 hoursElectricity: 220/240V, 50HzWeights & measures: Imperial When to Go  The best time to visit the Northern Marianas is during the dry months of December to March. That's also the high season, and prices will be higher. If you want to attend one of the commonwealth's religious festivals, check the Events section above for where and when they're held. It may be wise to avoid going during traditional Japanese holiday seasons, when most of the mid- and top-end hotels get solidly booked up. These include Christmas through the first week of January, Golden Week (the last week of April and the first week of May) and Obon (August). If you do go at one of these times, be sure to book well in advance and be prepared to stay in more obscure accommodations. It's also difficult to get flights during the Christmas season, as many far-flung islanders return home during the holidays.     Events  Most villages have an annual fiesta in honor of their patron saint. Rota and Tinian each have one fiesta, while Saipan has six: in San Vicente in early April, in San Antonio in mid-June, at Mt Carmel Cathedral in Chalan Kanoa in mid-July, in San Roque in mid-August, in Tanapag in early October and in Koblerville in late October. Tinian's fiesta is held during the last weekend in April or the first weekend in May in honor of San Jose, the island's patron saint. The largest and most popular fiesta in the Northern Marianas, however, is held on Rota on either the first or second weekend in October. The celebration, which honors San Francisco de Borja, includes a luau-like feast of Chamorro food, religious processions, music and dancing. Visitors are welcome at these annual festivals, but accommodation can be pretty hard to find while they're going on (especially during Rota's celebration).  Other than that, most events and festivals are held on Saipan. There's a half-marathon and a 10km fun run in late January. The Kintetsu Buffaloes, a pro baseball team from Japan, has it spring training during the first two weeks of February. The annual Micronesian Open Boardsailing Regatta and the Saipan Laguna Regatta are international windsurfing and Hobie Cat competitions held at Micro Beach in mid-February. Serious masochists swim, bike and run nearly 50 miles (80km) during the Tagaman Triathalon, held in mid-May.  The week-long Liberation Day Festival celebrates the American liberation of the islands and ends on 4 July, US Independence Day. Festivities include a beauty pageant, nightly entertainment, games and food booths. A fishing tournament is held in August, during the marlin season, and there's a 5 mile (8km) run up Mt Tagpochau on Thanksgiving in late November.  There's a fun run on Rota in late June and on Tinian in late September. Each island also hosts a cliff fishing competition, one on Labor Day weekend in early September (Rota) and the other in early November (Tinian).    