 When to Go  Santiago and its surrounds are at their best in the verdant spring (September-November) or during the fall harvest (late February-April). If you're a skier, June-August is the time to hit the Chilean ski resorts. September includes the anniversaries of contentious dates like Pinochet's military coup (September 11) and Armed Forces Day (September 19), which can result in civil disturbances - they're rarely more than just inconvenient, but it's best to steer clear.     Events  Santiago ain't no party town, although November's Semana de Barrio Brasil festival raises the stakes a little. When it comes to special events it seems the capital's favorite pastime is trade fairs. If you're a bibliophile you might enjoy the Feria de Libro (Book Festival) in early November; authors the caliber of Peru's Mario Vargas Llosa have been known to attend. Then there's the highly successful Expo Nuevo Mundo Rural, an exhibition of Chilean agricultural products. It shows everything from llama goods to the fruits of Middle Chile and the woolens of Tierra del Fuego. Burgeoning entrepreneurs shouldn't miss Santiago's biggest and longest-running event, the Feria Internacional de Santiago (Santiago International Fair).   Public holidays January 1 - A o Nuevo (New Year) March/April - Semana Santa (Easter Week) May 1 - D a del Trabajo (Labor Day) May 21 - Glorias Navales (commemorating the naval Battle of Iquique) mid-June - Corpus Christi June 29 - D a de San Pedro y San Pablo (St Peter & St Paul's Day) August 15 - Asunci n de la Virgen (Assumption) early September - D a de la Unidad Nacional (Day of National Unity) September 18 - D a de la Independencia Nacional (National Independence Day) September 19 - D a del Ejercito (Armed Forces Day) October 12 - D a de la Raza (Columbus Day) November 1 - Todo los Santos (All Saints' Day) December 8 - Immaculada Concepci n (Immaculate Conception) December 25 - Navidad (Christmas Day)back to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementGuides to SantiagoTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Chasing Rickshaws with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services