 Attractions  Yangon lies in the fertile delta country of southern Myanmar on the wide Yangon River about 30km (19mi) from the sea. Although the population hovers around 4 million, the city seems so full of trees and shade that some neighbourhoods are practically jungle, giving it a totally different feel from other Asian cities of comparable size. At night, Yangon's wide boulevards come alive with hordes of stalls selling delicious-looking food and piles of huge cigars. If you can close your eyes to the decay of the old colonial architecture downtown, you'll probably agree that this is one of the most charming cities in Asia.  Yangon is home to the gold-plated Shwedagon Paya, which dominates the city from its hilltop site. Legend has it that the original stupa was built to enshrine eight of Buddha's hairs. Today's mighty monument was built in the 18th century and is surrounded by an incredible assortment of statues, temples, shrines, images and pavilions. The Shwedagon was called 'a beautiful winking wonder' by Kipling and it truly is a magical place. Other sights include the colonial architecture of the legendary Strand Hotel, the colossal reclining Buddha in Chaukhtatgyi Paya and the peaceful Kandawgyi and Inya Lakes. Pro-democracy landmarks include the Martyr's Mausoleum and Aung San Suu Kyi's House.  Since the privatisation of the hotel industry in 1993, there has been an explosion of hotel and guesthouse development in Yangon. The cheapest guesthouses are near the river in the western part of the city; there are other clean and friendly options near the railway station. The best authentic Burmese cuisine is in the Shwedagon Paya area, but there are lots of places around the city centre. Be aware that hardly any food is available anywhere in the city after about 9 pm.  Apart from the impossibly crowded buses, getting around Yangon is not too difficult. Myanmar's version of the trishaw ( sai-kaa) is good for short trips; catch a car taxi or one of the many tiny three-wheeled Mazdas for anything longer.  