 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: A one-month visa, on arrival at Pochentong and Siem Reap airports, costs US$20 for a tourist visa and US$25 for a business visa.Health risks: Cholera, hepatitis, malaria, typhoid, rabies, Japanese B encephalitis, landminesTime: GMT/UTC plus seven hoursElectricity: 220V, 50Hz (unstable supply)Weights & measures: metric When to Go  The ideal months to be in Cambodia are December and January, when humidity is bearable, temperatures are cooler and it's unlikely to rain. From February onwards it starts getting pretty hot, and April is unbearably so. The wet season (from May to October), though very soggy, can be a good time to visit Angkor, as the moats will be full and the foliage lush - but steer clear of the northeast regions during those months, as the going gets pretty tough when the tracks are waterlogged. The country's biggest festival, Bon Om Tuk, is held in early November, and is well worth catching.     Events   Lunar New Year is celebrated by ethnic Chinese and Vietnamese in late January or early February. The Khmer New Year celebrations bring the country to a standstill for three days in mid-April - a fair amount of water and talcum powder gets thrown around at this time, so it's a lively but noncontemplative time to visit. Chat Preah Nengkal, the Royal Ploughing Festival, takes place near the Royal Palace in Phnom Penh in early May. The Khmer calendar's most important festival is Bom Om Tuk, celebrating the end of the wet season in early November - it's the best time to visit Phnom Penh or Siem Reap. Banks, ministries and embassies are closed during all public holidays and festivals.   Public Holidays: January 1 - New Year's Day March 8 - Women's Day April 13 - Khmer New Year May 1 - Labour Day June 1 - International Children's Day September 24 - Constitution Day October 23 - Paris Peace Agreement October 30 - King's Birthda November 9 - Independence Day December 10 - UN Human Rights Dayback to toppreviousnextDisclaimer: We've tried to make the information on this web site as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information like visas, health and safety, customs, and transportation) with the relevant authorities before you travel.view enlargementview slideshowGuides to CambodiaTheme Packs Save!Browse the LP ShopFREE BOOK!Sacred India with minimum purchaseMulti-Stop AirfaresEuropean Rail TravelTravel InsuranceHostel BookingGlobal Phonecardlearn morehome |search |help |upgrades |newsletters |travel services