 Attractions  The capital of Ecuador is arguably the most beautiful city in South America. Located 2850m (9350ft) above sea level and just 22km (14mi) south of the equator, it boasts a wonderful springlike climate in a spectacular setting. Vistas in Quito are dominated by mountains, with several snowcapped volcanoes standing sentinel in the distance; the city itself sits at the foot of 4700m (15,400ft). Architecturally, Quito has plenty of colonial treasures, and modern building has been strictly controlled in the old town since 1978, when it was declared a world cultural heritage site by UNESCO. The old center is full of whitewashed houses, red tiled roofs and colonial churches, with no flashing neon to disrupt the ambiance of the past. The northern part of the city is the new town, containing modern offices, embassies, shopping centers and airline offices.  Major sights around town include the 16th century Monastery of San Francisco, Ecuador's oldest church; the stark 16th century cathedral; the beautifully preserved colonial-era alley of La Ronda; and El Panecillo (the little bread loaf), a hill with fabulous views of the old town and an enormous statue of the Virgin of Quito. There are a number of decent museums, colonial churches and impressive plazas, as well as an open-air Indian market at the foot of El Panecillo.  Bustling Avenida Amazonas, the showpiece street of modern Quito, is a good place to stop in a sidewalk cafe and watch life go by. Of special interest to those whose fancies tend towards all things slick and slithery, the Vivarium on Reina Victoria in new town is a museum dedicated to the appreciation and study of Ecuador's reptiles and amphibians. To the delight of herpetologists, it houses a number of live specimens, including iguanas, tortoises, turtles, frogs, boa constrictors and the infamous fer-de-lance, one of South America's most poisonous snakes.  Budget hotels can be found in the Santo Domingo area and on La Ronda. The best mid-range hotels and eateries are found in new town.  Travelers should exercise caution at markets and bus stations and in heavily touristed areas, as robbery is commonplace. El Panecillo, El Tejar, Parroquia San Sebastian, Mariscal Sucre, Avenida Cristobal Col n and Gonzalez Suarez are all relatively risky places to hang out, especially after dark.  