 When to Go  Any time is a fine time to visit Caracas. The city enjoys a dry climate, so the fact that June to October is the wet season elsewhere in Venezuela is really of no concern. Temperatures are mild and steady, averaging a perfect 25 C (75 F) year-round, and rainfall even in the wet season is usually no more than 100mm (4in). Venezuelans go on a whirlwind visitation of friends and family at Christmas, Carnaval and Easter, so avoiding the resulting transport and accommodation mayhem could be a factor in deciding when to visit.     Events  Events in Caracas are largely driven by the many, many festivals of the Church calendar. Everything comes to a halt at Christmas, Carnaval, Easter and Corpus Christi, and saints' days are also important celebrations. The city's biggest religious feast takes place at Easter in the suburb of Chacao, kicking off with the Bajada de Palmeras on the Friday before Palm Sunday, and culminating in solemn processions on Maundy Thursday and Good Friday, and the Quema de Judas (Burning of Judas) on Easter Sunday. In general, the more-traditional outlying suburbs celebrate holy days with greater vigor than central districts. El Hatillo goes crazy on May 3, July 16 and September 4, and Petare flicks the fiesta switch on January 30 and 31, and the last Sunday of September.  Cultural events are also big news in Caracas. The highlight is the Festival Internacional de Teatro (International Theater Festival), held in March/April of every even-numbered year. El Hatillo holds a small music festival between September and November, and its wide-ranging Festival El Piano in June/July runs the gamut from Bach to Chick Corea. July-August's Temporada de Danza brings together the nation's leading dance groups. The anniversary of the city's foundation, July 25, is marked by a frenzy of cultural activities throughout Caracas, with concerts, exhibitions and theater on offer.  Official public holidays include January 1 (New Year's Day), the Monday and Tuesday before Ash Wednesday (Carnaval), Maundy Thursday and Good Friday, April 19 (Declaration of Independence), May 1 (Labor Day), June 24 (Battle of Carabobo), July 5 (Independence Day), July 24 (Bol var's birthday), October 12 (Discovery of America) and December 25 (Christmas).    