 Off the Beaten Track  The Gal pagos archipelago is renowned for its unique and fearless wildlife and has become a mecca for natural-history enthusiasts. Here, you can swim with sea lions, float eye-to-eye with penguins and stand beside a blue-footed booby and ogle as it feeds its young. The archipelago spreads out over 50,000 sq km (19,500 sq mi) of the Pacific Ocean some 1000km (620mi) west of Ecuador and is comprised of 13 main islands and six smaller ones. The landscape is barren and volcanic but has a unique haunting beauty. The highest point in the chain is the 1707m (5600ft) Volc n Wolf on Isla Isabela. The islands' renowned bird and marine life includes albatrosses, penguins, boobies, turtles, giant tortoises, iguanas, sea lions, whales and dolphins.  Ecuador claimed the Gal pagos Islands in 1832, just three years before their most famous visitor, Charles Darwin, dropped anchor on the Beagle and stepped ashore and into history. For the next century, the islands were inhabited by a few settlers and were used as a penal colony, the last of which closed in 1959. The archipelago became a national park in 1959. Today, the park is protected from haphazard tourism by strict limits on where visitors are allowed to go, and all visitors are obliged to be accompanied by a certified naturalist tour guide trained by the national park service. The islands currently receive an average of 60,000 visitors per year. The entrance fee to the Gal pagos has increased dramatically to US$100, payable upon arrival, in cash only.  A visit to the islands is expensive; a high season flight from Ecuador and a week cruising the islands will set you back at least a four-figure sum. Boat trips to the Gal pagos can be arranged from Guayaquil, but it's a hassle and will seldom save you any money. Flights to the islands are much easier to arrange and leave daily from Quito and Guayaquil for the Isla Baltra airport, which is about two hours by public transport from Puerto Ayora, the archipelago's main town, on the central island of Santa Cruz.  