 Attractions  Rio is the Cidade Maravilhosa (Marvellous City). Jammed into the world's most beautiful setting - between ocean and escarpment - are seven million Cariocas, as Rio's inhabitants are called. The Cariocas pursue pleasure like no other people: beaches and the body beautiful; samba and beer; football and the local firewater, cacha a (rum).  Rio has its share of problems: a third of the people live in the favelas (shanty towns) that blanket many of the hillsides; the poor have no schools, no doctors and no jobs; drug abuse and violence are endemic; and police corruption and brutality are commonplace. Rio's reputation as a violent city caused a sharp reduction in tourism in the 1990s, but travelers will find themselves no more at risk than in most large cities in the world.  Rio is divided into a zona norte (northern zone) and a zona sul (southern zone) by the Serra da Carioca, steep mountains that are part of the Parque Nacional da Tijuca. The view from the top of Corcovado, the 750m (2460ft) mountain peak with the statue of Christ the Redeemer at its summit, offers the best way to become geographically familiar with the city. Favelas crowd against the hillsides on both sides of town.  The beach, a ritual and a way of life for the Cariocas, is Rio's common denominator. Copacabana is probably the world's most famous beach, and runs for 4.5km (3mi) in front of one of the most densely populated residential areas on the planet. From the scalloped beach you can see the granite slabs that surround the entrance to the bay. Ipanema is Rio's richest and most chic beach. Other beaches within and near the city include Pepino, Barra da Tijuca, Flamengo (though the water is a bit suspect here) and Arpoador.   P o de A car (Sugar Loaf) is God's gift to the picture-postcard industry. Two cable cars climb 396m (1300ft) above Rio and the Ba a de Guanabara and, from the top, Rio looks the most beautiful city in the world. The 120 sq km (47 sq mi) Parque Nacional de Tijuca, 15 minutes from the concrete jungle of Copacobana, is all that's left of the tropical jungle that once surrounded Rio. The forest is an exuberant green, with beautiful trees and waterfalls.  Rio's famous glitzy Carnaval is a fantastic spectacle, but there are more authentic celebrations held elsewhere in Brazil. In many ways, Carnaval can be the worst time to be in Rio. Everyone gets a bit unglued at this time of year: taxi fares quadruple, accommodation triples and masses of visitors descend on the city to get drunk, get high and exchange exotic diseases.  The best areas for budget hotels are Gl ria, Catete and Flamengo. Botafogo is the heart of gay Rio; Cinel ndia and Lapa have a lot of samba; and Leblon and Ipanema have upmarket, trendy clubs with excellent jazz.  