 When to Go  There is really no bad season to visit Hanoi. The city offers countless attractions that can be seen year-round, and the climate is generally agreeable. Winter (November-February) is generally cool and dry, with temperatures between 10-15 C (59-68 F). Spring (February-April) is a bit warmer, though the constant drizzle can wear a bit. Summer (May-September) is hot (30-36 C; 86-97 F) and humid, with the occasional devastating typhoon. Fall (September-November) sees sunny, often perfect, weather.  Tourist season runs from late June through August and October through Tet, the New Year's celebration that takes place in late January or early February. Though accommodations and transportation are bound to be booked around Tet, it's worth making the effort to see Hanoi dressed up for the festivities.  Vietnamese tend to travel in the summer and around Tet, making public transportation that much more difficult to book.     Events  Vietnam operates on two calendars: the solar (Western) calendar and the lunar calendar. Official public holidays are usually scheduled according to the former, while the most festive celebrations are the moon's domain.  Many businesses are closed January 1 for Western New Year's Day, February 3 for the anniversary of the Vietnamese Communist Party, April 30 to commemorate Saigon's surrender in 1975, May 1 so workers of the world can unite, May 19 for Ho Chi Minh's birthday, September 2 to celebrate the country's 1945 Declaration of Independence and December 25 for Christmas. Buddha's birthday, which usually falls in June, and Tet, which takes place in late January or early February, are both lunar-calendar holidays when the bankers get a day off.  If you're looking for a party, then just eat the extra airfare or hitchhike to Hanoi for Tet, a New Year's celebration involving fragrant flower blossoms, delicate kumquat trees, delectable cakes of pork, bean curd and sticky rice called banh chung and fireworks that put automatic weapons to shame. The days following the week-long celebration are family time, and the streets are generally quiet with most businesses closed.  Other events worth planning your visit around include Summer Solstice, when human effigies are burned to stock the God of the Dead's armies, and the Mid-Autumn Festival, which utilizes the natural hyperactivity of children - who are drafted to carry colorful lanterns and bang cymbals while fortified with sweet moon cakes - for maximum effect. Wandering Souls Day, which takes place in late summer or early autmun, is second only to Tet in importance. Offerings of food and gifts are made in homes and pogodas for the wandering sould of the forgotten dead.    