 Attractions  Most of Santiago's sights are squeezed into the triangular-shaped historic core, bounded by the R o Mapocho, the Alameda and V a Norte Sur. The area's focus and the city's historic center is Plaza de Armas, flanked by imposing public buildings like the main post office, town hall and national museum. Pride of place goes to the Catedral Metropolitana, nudging the square's northwest edge. It was begun in 1745 and later embellished with baroque features designed by Joaqu n Toesca. The Italian-born architect was also responsible for designing one of the city's landmark buildings, the Palacio de La Moneda, a couple of blocks southwest. The former royal mint became the residence of Chilean presidents in the mid-19th century, and was famously photographed ablaze during the September 11, 1973, coup. President Allende died in La Moneda during the coup.  On the northern edge of the triangle is one of the city's more colorful attractions, the wrought-iron Mercado Central (central market) - a great place to splurge on seafood. Near the centro's apex is the welcome green expanse of Cerro Santa Luc a, a very handy hilltop sanctuary honeycombed with 65 hectares (160 acres) of gardens, footpaths and fountains. The park's Alameda frontage is notable for its tiled mural of Nobel Prize-winning poet Gabriela Mistral and the attractive Plaza Neptuno, whose staircases encircle French fountains and eventually lead to the summit and its parapet views of the city (smog permitting).  Santiago Centro is also known for its swag of top museums. The best would have to be the Museo Arqueol gico de Santiago, which features outstanding exhibits on Chile's indigenous peoples. The Museo de Santiago documents the city's sprawl with paintings, maps, dioramas, costume and models. Around 4500 years of pre-Columbian civilization is examined in the Museo Chileno de Arte Precolombino, and the Palacio de Bellas Artes takes care of the city's 19th-century art collection. Probably the most elaborate of Santiago's 19th-century mansions currently open to the public is Palacio Cousi o, near Parque Almagro. Dating from 1871, this homage to the elite is embellished with French artworks and features one of Chile's first elevators.  