 Environment  Ecuador - as the name implies - lies draped across the equator in the northwestern corner of South America. It shares a border with Peru to the south and east, and is bounded by Colombia to the north and the Pacific Ocean to the west. Quito, the national capital, sits centered at the northern end of the country in an Andean valley only 22km (14mi) south of the equator. Guayaquil, Ecuador's other main city (and its only major port), basks on the sweltering southern coast just north of the Peruvian border.  The country can be divided into four regions: the western coastal lowlands, the central Andean highlands, the eastern jungles of the Amazon basin and - some 1000km (620mi) west of the mainland - the Gal pagos Islands. The western lowlands - once thick with forests - are today blanketed by banana, palm and cacao farms and have little to interest most travelers. Only a few protected pockets, such as the Maquipucuna biological reserve, still provide glimpses of Ecuador's once spectacular forestlands. The Andean highlands - the country's backbone - are composed of two volcanic ranges separated by a central valley in which the bulk of the population lives. The highlands also contain the nation's highest mountain, Chimborazo, whose 6310m (20,700ft) peak stands out - thanks to Earth's equatorial bulge - as the farthest point from the center of the planet.  The Amazon basin lowlands east of the Andes are an almost impenetrable tangle of rainforest known to Ecuadorians as the Oriente (the East). Although the Amazon itself does not flow through Ecuador, all rivers east of the Andes eventually empty into it. The world famous Gal pagos Islands were Ecuador's first national park and are celebrated for their unique and fearless wildlife.  Thanks to its agreeable climate and patchwork of habitats (alpine grasslands, coastal swamps, tropical rainforest), Ecuador is one of the most species-rich nations on earth. Dubbed by ecologists a 'megadiversity hotspot,' it boasts 300 species of mammal alone, including monkeys, sloths, llamas and alpacas. Birdwatchers come from all over to gawk at the famous Andean condor, but there are plenty of other bird species, and about half of the 58 species found on the Gal pagos Islands are endemic. Ecuador's freshwater fish are equally exotic, though most visitors prefer to experience from a distance the amazing qualities of electric eels, stingrays, piranhas and the tiny candiru catfish - a little charmer who swims up the human urethra and lodges itself in place with the help of its sharp spines.  The only thing predictable about Ecuador's weather is its unpredictability, and it's not uncommon to run the gamut of 'seasons' in the course of a single day. Generally speaking, Ecuador has two seasons, wet and dry, but local weather patterns vary greatly depending on geography. The mainland coastal areas and the Gal pagos Islands are both influenced by ocean currents and are hot and rainy between January and April, an unpleasant time visit.  If you hit the beaches between May and December, it rarely rains and the temperature is a few degrees cooler. In the highlands, the dry season is between June and September and around Christmas, but even the mountains' wet season isn't particularly wet. The central valley is generally springlike all year, with temperatures no higher than 24 C (66 F). The Oriente experiences rain year round; July and August are the wettest months, September through December the driest. It's usually as hot here as it is on the coast.  In 1999 President Jamil Mahuad banned any further oil exploration, mining, logging and colonization in the Cuyabeno-Imuya and Yasuni National Parks. This 2.7 million acre area hosts some of Ecuador's most diverse flora and fauna and is home to several indigenous tribes.  