 Facts for the Traveler   Visas: Citizens of most countries can stay a maximum of 90 days per annum without needing a visa.Health risks: Dengue fever, hepatitis, malaria, typhoid, and a minor risk of cholera, rabies and diphtheria. Get a yellow fever vaccination if you plan to visit the rainforests of the Oriente.Time: GMT/UTC minus 5 hoursElectricity: 110V, 60HzWeights & measures: Metric When to Go  Travelers can visit Ecuador year-round; certain areas are better at certain times of the year, but there are no absolutes. In terms of the weather, El Ni o hits hard about one winter every decade, playing havoc with road and rail connections and making communication spotty in some outlying areas. If you're visiting the Gal pagos, you'll find the warm rainy season from January to April is the best time for snorkeling; the rest of the year the water is cooler, typically around 20 C (68 F). The mainland coast has similar weather patterns, and its beaches fill up from January to May during coastal Ecuador's school holidays. June through August sees gringo vacationers descend, though the weather's generally gone chilly by then.  The highlands' dry season (the best time for hiking and climbing) is June to August, which coincides with the wettest months in the Oriente. Trekking in the Oriente is best done in the dry season, from late August through February. As for crowds and costs, the high season both on the mainland and in the Gal pagos tends to be mid-December through January and June to August, when most of the vacationing foreign visitors arrive.     Events  Being a Roman Catholic country, many of the country's festivals are oriented to the liturgical calendar and are celebrated with a combination of great pageantry and elements of traditional Indian fiestas. Rural areas in particular lend a real party atmosphere to their celebrations. All Soul's Day on 2 November is especially colorful, when flower-laying ceremonies brighten the country's cemeteries and the ambiance is more celebratory than somber. Other holidays of historical interest are Sim n Bol var's Birthday on 24 July and Columbus Day on 12 October, though the latter is hardly universal in its appeal.  The pre-Easter Carnival features water fights and fruit and flower festivals. Corpus Christi is a movable feast in June and combines with traditional harvest fiestas in many highland towns. The larger cities' founding and independence days virtually bring them to a partying standstill. Some of the biggies are found in Guayaquil, Otavalo, Cuenca and Quito, though most towns and villages also have their special days. Shops, offices and services are closed during holidays and festivals, and accommodation and transportation options are often packed - book well in advance if possible.    